Well let's see, let's start, okay, what's up?
past today has been completely
It's amazing what happened today
I haven't seen it yet, I promise you that
I have only seen three or four pieces
Okay, because I've been here all afternoon today.
busy running some errands and today
I started on the island of temptations and
when the island of the ends
temptations as you already know I have recorded
video for the channel we have created that
I will be leaving the description of
come back to the 80 pls hub crying face
of laughter
Thanks Rogelio, thank you very much, I will leave the
description the channel with lorena for
talk about reality shows ok if not
They wanted Javi with glasses, they don't see him.
I want to button up today because it's amazing
a huge kiss churra that's how I like it
love me as a kiss mark mark of
I kiss like this, I like to be loved like this, like this
You all have to love me.
shapes brings yesterday or the day before you were me
enjoying because I was wearing glasses
because I couldn't put in the contact lens
It is then worth like the tale of the duckling
but not a little
Well, let's see, it's been amazing, I mean, I've
seen two or three pieces on 'twitter' and
and it has been a real blast
Marcelo welcome I'm going to give you a
small spoiler
I'm going to give you a little spoiler so you
you see what we are going to talk about with no one
Welcome but it seems to me that this
man has already completely left him
Okay, it's gotten out of hand
I'm going to give you my theories completely
ok look at this extract please
defend you from me, I from you
I have to defend myself
damn you don't stop you don't stop you have to
come to that tweet you have to come
calling me Hitler
Who was I coming to if I hadn't told you anything?
more for the JCE does not stop and if you do not give yourselves
tell me how I really want to sit down
go incoming idea before the judge so that
you pay for what you are doing you have to
pay for what you are doing defending
you of me I have you of me
to defend
wow
simply wow
wow today he lost his temper
I'm going to give you my theory.
Okay, I'm going to give my theory of what it is.
that has made Joan Planas arrive there
past in fact has passed from being
a little while ago because in fact
As we have done an appraisal with
all the videos he has dedicated to us
all the study nothing dedicated has happened
from being here just a week ago
how many weeks saying no
the criticisms that had been made of him mattered
made me laugh
Julian welcome that the criticisms were
as a parody of the same that only
served to demonstrate that he
He was right and he must be spoken of, washed
and that they continue talking about him a lot
things he has said in the videos that
we have appraised it as if it were a plan that
He didn't care about the criticism, I don't know how much.
I'm asking Javi to put together another video.
I saw that I wanted revenge here, not to see that I wanted to
laugh okay because that's what happened
to this click that you have seen today I am going to
to say my theory and this is pure and
Personally, an opinion is worth it
my my opinion and what I think
What happens is that he has played with something
the one who doesn't know how to play and who has come to her
very big has come very big and is
It has gotten completely out of hand and
who is really having a bad time but
She is not having a bad time because she is a
victim or anything similar as what
want to show that he is having a bad time
because he hasn't gotten his way, that is
what he would have liked would have
been crushing people worth the inba of
that he ate everyone that
He liked to throw himself in everyone's face
world and that he was very clear about going
in front of everyone and told him what
he thought and that everyone crushed him
Okay, I was used to that during
two years
Johann devil mode
I won't be used to it until I get used to it
Thanking one by one is worth it
I'm just not going to turn off the
notifications but this live is going to
be long and if I start to answer them
every 16 possible is worth selling their rap
Thanks to all of you who give super
chayos to six members but I'm not going to
be able to stop one by one because it's going to be
very long okay
what you are going to be the short part xml
what this man was used to
for two years crushing one
crushing the other and always remaining
above the rest, which is what it has
past because he is having a bad time because
He has gotten out of control because
Now people are standing up to him
is being portrayed does not have to
where to hold on and is completely
frustrated with the situation, self-conscious
With the situation I don't know how to describe it
but he didn't get his way and then
It's what he wants, he doesn't want to stop, okay?
He doesn't want to stop now we'll see
Okay, first let's see a little bit.
context of what the last few years have been through
days since I last talked about him and then
Let's relate today's live broadcast that
It was a blast, okay, but he didn't
wants to stop he doesn't want to stop
nothing has been said to him many times and
all of you are extensive all of you
You are witnesses that he has been
I said let's stop we've already been there
Many months of this will stop us
We no longer ask you to apologize
us for the defamations that have been made against us
made by insults and slander
for all that he has done to us, you will no longer
We don't even ask you to apologize, simply
we had our path and I had yours
We have told you many times that it has not
stop it if you are a victim of
harassment you want your harassers to you
Leave me alone but I don't want to stop
What he wants is to be on top
that people crush us that
people believe that we are one
bullies and that he is the one who has the
reason and that is not going to happen to me on the front pages and
that's not going to happen because because not
you are right because you have done
many things wrong and with us you
you were wrong, maybe we had
made mistakes too surely
because we are people who are
saying let's leave this
to leave us all in peace I think that
and each one each person each
component of this whole salsa
because at the end of the day this thing of using or
I think everyone has already said what they
you have to say okay and I think that's it
Each person in the audience is free to
believe whatever you want to believe now
good that has happened to you has lost
followers have lost their homeland, your life and
so the same people in the group see it
past a capture where they take him tells him
htl erre to Carlos Salgado
So recover the Joan Plana recover
the fight works and recovers the
credibility respect
recover followers and visits
recover there are tons of topics today
today pay attention to the topic of Andorra la Vella
every week what better time to be
cultural battle but it is that Joan us
want to stop okay then I'll go to you
Explain one thing, Johann Planas is worth it.
done what you want can't be
because what you want is for us
let's stop us from answering you and you
keep making some videos calling us
of everything calling us harassers
making you a victim and if we
We answer and we deny you, you are a
victim of harassment there is no flat the
harassment doesn't work like that, harassment doesn't work like that
It works if you want to know how
the harassment works I have put yesterday by
In the afternoon the imam knows he has it
a criminal complaint for harassment and I'm going to
I'm going to advance something
that person that person for sure
he's going to go to jail
You certainly won't be able to do this, I haven't done it.
made public are things that have been made public to me
happened as a result of my work and they are things
really serious incomparable with the
nonsense that you are saying that is
harassment and I am totally sure that that
person is going to notify the prison
If you don't believe it, contact me.
They have my phone number and I'll show it to you.
I say look Joan Plana this really is
harassment and this is really reportable
but what you cannot pretend is
that you insult people does not
They were hesitant to tell him what you
you love me more call me abuser I know
who has denied it live now you
I'll try it at the adala called a lot of
things to others there is more pile of
things not for me favorite anime of life
hot you've already become obsessed with everyone
and each one of us on your Twitter
joan plana your twitter joan plana and you
I say it conclusively because it does
a matter of a month, two months more good
when it was created approximately
I met with an expert and we were
visiting your Twitter account
in which by the way he does not stop
mentioning them every day is worth it and your Twitter
It was all day long messing with someone
all day
today I get tangled up today with today with a tomorrow with
Javi now with nothing
We were examining the thing that he told her
to the fairy
and I think it was from the 31st, I don't know if it was
August 31 or September 1
but since September 1st
until September 4 or 5 and this
Anyone who is a fan of Camps
wool and do and check everything
tweet for nothing all you and for nothing with
the subject of the pattern photos that
cannot be an advocate that it is bad for
your image that you sell your body everything
you obsess over people
the last live I did speaking
on the page where I read almost everything that
We have almost all of us appraised
has dedicated almost all the videos that
I want to remind you that he has dedicated to us
There was a tweet, okay, I want to remind you.
that there was a tweet in which he said to me
They call me obsessive, so this week I'm going to
to dedicate a special to a video each
If you want an obsessive day, then there are seven.
cups
we saw that here
If someone denies it, I'll put it back.
I have here at hand, be flat you
you obsess over people, okay, that's it.
a problem that you have and you have to
correct what you cannot pretend
It's your trampling on people, you giving them a beating.
people mess with whoever you want
the balls and what if he answers you
cyberbullying cyberbullying seems like a
ally looks like a feminist I'm already
looking forward to seeing that complaint you are filing against us
who has been saying since September that
you're going to put us
because it looks like one
denounces as a feminist
Now what you want is for you not to do it
videos you call disgusting in the
cover you call them stalkers
but they don't answer you and they deny you
because if you deny it, they will harass me and I will go
Let's see, in the courts you are an ally
no more, no less, good night
I watch it on delay
Well, I'm going to tell you what happened.
ok directly the other day as
I finished doing the live where you
He strongly requested in many
occasions and literally worth Joan
leave us alone
What's more, I'm going to offer you something else now.
flat I'm going to offer you something else if you
you take
I apologize for the things that have happened to us
offended okay you apologize for having me
called abuser at least to me
the others each ask for what they want
I want you to apologize for having called me
abuser who has done it as it would be
a debate between dallas v/s flats in more
out of 45 occasions you have done it I have
witness evidence of all this on the front page
you can't deny it okay you apologize for
having called me an abuser, you stop me
mention and you delete all the videos
where you mention me and I promise you that
I won't mention you again
comment on your controversy and I will remove all the
videos
- the game over because that is a criticism
without disrespect, completely legitimate
but I remove the rest of the videos and you don't
mention again you apologize for
having called me an abuser, you eliminate
absolutely all the videos where I
you mention and so we end but you know that
they don't want to because you don't want to
What you want is to win and you're not going to win
I told you the plans on the first day already
flat with me no with me no
If your support trampling on others is worth it and
tiring others and every day
dedicating your twitter and bng to video and
that the criticism had no share with me
You weren't going to be able to, I told you so on the front pages
I will respond to every single thing you tell me
respond to every video you make me
I'm going to answer and to every lie that you tell me
I find out what he says about me, I'll answer you.
that there are 40 that there are 50 videos whatever they are
until you shut up
you don't want to stop if you wanted to
stop and if you were a victim to
more than one victim of harassment would be a
person who is not insulting anyone
that he is not getting into controversy that
he's not calling people abusers
that is not telling another that it is not
shower that is not telling the other that
the crowdfunding money is spent on
[ __ ] okay and on top of that people are
making videos videos videos videos
enjoying it and a victim would be
saying please leave me alone for
Please let's stop and the others don't stop
but it is not the case with us
We are the ones who have been here for months and
each one of us saying you for
please me in flat for
my channel no no no need of you gave in
flat I don't need you nor no
I've been living on YouTube for 25 years and
I'm doing really well on YouTube and
I never needed you now if you slander me
if he lies about me and if you are involved in
a controversy and enjoying some of
my friends and I will be slandering them and
saying things like that and I have to you
I'm going to deny you, I'm going to deny you, you're a
public figure and I can make you the
videos and any reviews that may be
necessary and I have no fame nor you
slandered okay wants trial let's go
judgment I've told you a lot of times
Check out all the live broadcasts that the company gives you.
win review all the ones you want
report me report me report me report everyone
The others only report me, Joan.
flat than with the thing you have done in
the moment you get to court and say
web
All the tricks are flat 203 javi
oliveira 20 videos in which they mention
Billy Beira, I don't have that much money today.
but I appreciate you very much two hearts not
They have a neuron, I wanted to be short with you
the fairy's photos
Download the frost photos and you will
you touch the abuser for five or six months
deserves any disease in the
moment Joan arrives at a court
flat the judge is going to say
Go [ __ ] yourselves and you'll pay me
things and I've been telling you this since
September since September in the
moment you saw yourself without the opportunity to
answer at the moment you saw yourself without
way of responding look how you are to everything
the world you are in a video the challenges to
discuss live reactions to their
videos to me not the game over
we are still waiting for the one
September someone answers or see the
debate I don't know how many excuses you're going to give me
put in order not to debate with me we already have
Of course, he doesn't want to debate with me, okay?
but he has been saying it since September
of the [ __ ] complaint for the great complaint
flat you're not going to scare me with that
Tell me that you say every day that you are going to
I think that filing a complaint
intention of the flat saying those of the
complaint is that I [ __ ] myself that I am
quiet that I am quiet and that he is
keep messing with others and I don't
I got involved to deny it, spoiler god
flat is not going to happen
even though I have filed the complaint
Okay, when I put it on, it's true.
that you put it on some day because it takes
already six months saying although to me
gave the role of the complaint and this
All my viewers know as proof
even though I am denounced by you in the
The moment you are in a controversy I will
to continue talking about it
I'm not going to keep talking about it nor
even if I receive the complaint paper
Jon Plana I'm going to continue I'm going to shut up
It doesn't matter, I'm not doing anything illegal.
You're not going to intimidate me with that. I'm carrying it.
five years in the mud I have five
years fighting and with controversy and with
bureau farc and this week you believe that
It scares me that you say no.
say more than put it that a person
who wants to report does not notify me how
made him give it to me like my only mother
suddenly you find her in your house
He has been saying the videos for six months
Okay, the video hasn't been around for six months.
put it but you know why you say it because
Do you think that's going to scare Joan?
flat knows because you think you already know why
What do you think saying that all the
days will scare us because you are
scared because it is going to be you
arrive in nothing in a week or two
In a few weeks you will receive a couple of
little papers you will know what he is up to and
who enjoy what he has said
whose
and since you are scared you think it's going to happen
to scare me I wouldn't be scared in plain sight
I received a complaint and it was passed on to me.
Lawyer, see you in two or three
years in court and the judge will decide and
I'm going down to the coasts of what I say for
experience that is very clear I have not
I have not committed any crime, all that I have done
The fact has been to respond to your insults
It got out of hand and you're like this today
because you can't cope with anger
from the anger of what is happening to you
You can cope with the rage that you have become fatal
and that you have been left in terrible shape and that you have been left
portrayed and you can't with rage that doesn't
You can be the winner and that is good for you.
eating pim pim pim pim pim and although
we go weeks without mentioning it to you
you with another video towards us that's not
is a victim of abuse
or is not a victim of bullying
A victim of bullying wants her
bullies leave him alone
You know what I did the other day? I made a
direct I think it will last three or four
hours live and I didn't and I didn't read everything
because I'm already exhausted, tired and I would have
that one of 78 hours should be done for the gentleman
or the entire expert report we have
okay because this man has said
many things are worth it and I was there for
three hours reading I think that
generate fact all the topics dedicated to
I have almost all the tunnels of HIV caution
almost all those who have dedicated it
to the da you and where has gone to chats of
others directly challenge us to squeeze
debate messing with people in short a
a lot of things that I spent three hours doing
teaching her you know what she did you know
What many of you will not know, but
I'm going to say it myself
just exactly as cut
the live show that night
instantly as you cut the
direct uploaded this video okay stop
harass and lie okay, this video has already been uploaded
with images of my live
What's going on there on the plain?
There is a crime here, there is a crime here
against the image you know if you have
to think about the things that happen to you
it goes out of hand and you don't know, they don't know
carry this too and very big you
you can't you can't post images
from me directly when I haven't done it yet
published
and when it was members-only
I published the live the next day
and you consist of flat and your codex and it
you publish you put a lot of
extract of my right worth
that the guy while he was watching me
I was live editing this video
Ok, well the case has fixed what it does
at this minute this is mind-blowing
They set what he does at this minute that
it's mind-blowing
racca base you would also be able to
braking is all about flat surfaces and
all in the head that no sandro
mind-blowing mind-blowing, I mean, take it from a
direct from me cuts the question from
jandro asking us if they have planned to
you too stand up so that he can
we said yes jandro we
we would pay call we said it several times
months
you vh
He also said that he explained it exclusively
Today we do not want anything else that they carry
flat wall and has taken an extract
where what we were saying
It's android android is that it is because
Sandro came as very positive thinking
What a great shot, the live broadcast took you like
half a week to publish because in fact
I uploaded it the next day and called him
I tweeted that YouTube was
taking me a while to process the videos
a lot because it lasted four hours
It was 1080 I imagine that would be why
I have seen them and the android theme
that I didn't see it is on my channel
you can see it's worth it
Jandro came in a peaceful mood, believing himself to be
that Johann Plano in Oliva attacks and
we were saying sandro you
You think it's going to be Little House on the Prairie and
This isn't going to be Little House on the Prairie
the fact that you are here live
with us it will be that Joan Plana
This attack and that's exactly how it was
Jandro was live with us and
I was on his Twitter and
making the veiled threat that he was already going
police station that he doesn't stay I don't know
how much is it worth
Well, Joan Plana cuts out my sentence.
When I tell you to get it into your head that
no and the sticky in the question how are you
He puts it in his head that no Sandro that
It's not that you can even see the cut, dude.
Studying is not cutting a hair
Santi or what if it's not up to the cut
But well, I said, look, that's it, I've already
said in the live broadcast that they leave us alone
that he doesn't talk to me anymore that he doesn't talk to me anymore
dedicate mastrini nothing happened okay
next day was on another channel in the
super chat talking about me the other day in
another channel giving an interview too
talking about us and me
there are 24 of the channel talk about us and they
release another video, release another video
saying what
Czanne another video saying that we
We accuse his followers that his
poor followers who harassed him
I don't know, I don't know how much it is
the meaning is obvious because well not to
that video I'm talking about its
followers who did it with a follower
his this video took it out land and for that
video and followed the live from the other day
If what he is doing here now is true
suddenly two days ago in a video where
on the cover they put it in big letters
disgusting
and put alienated and Adrian
We were watching this video the other day
a direct look
and the type among other things critical
alienated because she says call him she says
literally an account of seeing oneself in the
video says no
[Music]
These people encourage messing with the physical
These people are excited to mess with the physical
of the people is worth it indeed if I can
search here
forgiveness of life transcript
and here is the transcription at last in
the video basically who not only creates
that he goes and sees it, he says on several occasions
Vicky, you have to see what stalkers
that we incite harassment that I don't know what and
that it is very wrong to mess with the physical
that there are followers of ours who get involved
with the physical and you start to take us out and
from someone
Okay
I don't know if I can find it here but we
start taking out yourself and a follower who
puts something totally disgusting and
totally condemnable okay
In fact, the followers of Mar Marn by
what they told me that I didn't have nor
[ __ ] idea who he was has apologized
publicly on Twitter for those tweets
and Vicky who wouldn't have to
apologize get blamed also in
his name or something like that is fine
but what I find very funny is
that Joan Planas criticizes anyone because
insults him about his physique when he
when he has also messed with the
people for their physique
For example, I have lots here
and lots of love this is subordinated
and all this is certified okay yes
Someone has the balls to say that I have
counterfeit something is worth if someone has it
balls ok
but I come to the large flat folder
here
I have for example this one
I have children who are about six years old.
danowsky is worth it, I deal with overweight children.
I don't get involved with ugly and self-conscious people, according to you.
I tell you this, there is no need to insult because
It's true and I would never block people.
that I told you go tell the story to
another and go on a diet or be flat you are
scolding someone for
mess with the physical that of course
totally reprehensible but you when
you have tweets like this but no
only that is that to make matters worse the
uncle
gives him a heart so that he doesn't know what it is
What the heart gives is worth more than you in your
YouTube channel to the comments that
You can give him your heart to do so
support them and help them position themselves more
up okay then joan plana and another one is
expert identified if someone has
eggs if anyone has eggs let me
say that this is false something that
I show voucher
the flat gives heart to this comment
okay charisma is serious me who
He held that fat guy in high esteem and
comes out with that from now on should
call himself Margis Man
Okay, so I'm like, "You explain it to me."
Explain to me the meaning that you have
You don't put moralism in a video today.
that messing with the physical is wrong but
you do this
and also this to put a little in
context and also in that same video
grab and take out
[Music]
This video is dedicated to Vicky and to
Adri, okay, I see that he's starting to put it on
Here is a clip of the child's father who
that they hit him in Barcelona a couple of years ago
weeks ago it was tremendous and viral
in that case not the child who was hit in
Barcelona no and the father of the comes out here
child saying
Saleh and the father saying that they hit him
between 10 is worth at the moment that I
I heard it done, I said let's see how it goes
there were flat help for them
white I can't find the word
I am left white and do not kiss the word
to relate the case of the child to whom
they hit him with it
because he is always saying that
between 10 see them in bullying poor things
[ __ ] that he alone has done what he has done
been calling drugs has said to one another
tell him that he has a history of weapons
to the other who takes cocaine to the other who
Don't shower because it stinks like the other one
sells his body to the other who sees that
When they respond to him, they bully him.
Okay, well, to my surprise, it's okay for me.
No surprise there because I already knew it
I was waiting, okay, I took a tweet from Adri
in which Adrian what was happening
referring to Adrian in this tweet
from January 15th to what was happening
referring to day in this tweet that this one
He put Adri in because Joan Plana was still there.
talking about us live continued
talking about us on his Twitter
He kept talking about us in other
channels in other people's chat comments
channels, it is worth saying that it was a
victim, let's get things right, let's go
then freedom of what is a put
This tweet is for Joan Plana, well, you know what?
what does great plan in this video say
that this tweet was made by Adri
against the child
against the child who was beaten in
Barcelona as Joan Planas should be
as it should be
to use that kid in that way
as it should be no, it is not that it is compared
With the kid, I use the
kid to try to throw [ __ ] at
Adrian
in your telegram and it will be everywhere
Karime, we have everything thought out.
We have everything assessed for this gentleman.
comes to court saying that she is a
victim of harassment and the judge falls
the judge's pants fall down
pants, okay, let me do it, let me do it
We'll see each other in two, three or four
four years in court and the judge is already
will say okay but in such a way in the part
What this does is use this
man that this man is free then
He is a kid who today is a kid
man who is dedicated to bullying
minors and the plans are still
using it as if that man
would be giving reason to the challenge of
tweet the man's twins as if he
man would be giving him the reason
well well, what a shitty move
This is what happened after this
video after this video where the
cover is calling it just as disgusting
disgusting to Adrian and alienated where it says
that the day has put a to and against
of the child who was hit and where
she says insane things
worth things from him and nothing that you yourself
you do
Well, as was logical, Adri has
answered this morning has risen the
video would say that is what has happened then
What happened is that Adrian has
left fatal has been left fatal in the
Adrian's video
that what awaits is a plan that you
release this video with that piece of
manipulation because I already the other day
with your manipulation cutting my
answer in that of jandro and tower of c
from Homer
I'm going to leave it to see if having in the
last word gets tired but not even with this one
Are you tired of the flat being boycotted at boxing?
On several occasions he was the flag bearer of
that cause
What did Joan Plana intend?
Adriano answers you
and if he answers you he is harassing you but
what are you doing, man, what the hell bastion
you're laughing at the real ones
victims of bullying dude you're laughing at
the real victims of bullying you or you
what the hell are you going on about
you don't want anyone to answer you anymore
forget not to forget us with your [ __ ]
report for your [ __ ] report and if the
you win you say that you have won that you have not won
you're going to win because obviously
you just have to see the things that you
you have done to us and they have been asking you
Now we just need to ask you for
knee that you leave us alone
heavy that they let us bathe in a
movement for one's own benefit is
do the same as the progressives who
criticize
and many times it does so completely
day answers him this morning the uncle is
fatal fatal but fatal and remove this
video
This video has been posted just for
members okay that's why I haven't
reproduced here because this video has been
position only for members who take was
I couldn't play this video because
has put it only for members this
This video was public until yesterday.
It is one thing for something to be public
before and then you put it on payment or not
has published it yet and someone has
I published before you like you did
with my director another day but this video
He put it up for members this afternoon
Why are you hiding the Joan Plana video?
in the movements that made me flat
I would like to understand them many times if you
you are so sure that this video is
irrefutable why you hide the video
when Adrian answers you
In total he went on Twitter to insult
again to say what he said
Adriana of the lie Adriana responded
with all things true
responded that he is nobody to
Call her alienated if she called him
alienated inciting and laughing at him
physicality of people when support has
tweet making fun of Giordano as we say
In Colombia he was left like a shoe and he
give heart to tweet to him give heart to
comments that call fat imagine
cariman how do you see yourself in the power or
Imagine this man in a courtroom.
Imagine this man in a courtroom and
What does it say if these people are that
These people mess around and mess around with him
physical of others and now takes the
our lawyer and says yes and you here
what am I doing on the plane
I mean, imagine this man in a
judged
There are many people who say it is not that the
He believes his own lies, not that he
He is self-convinced that he can go
to a court and win not when you
you clip tweets when you run with your
life would say that it knows perfectly well what
means with that tweet and says that the
tweet went and went to the child who
they glued and when you cut one out
answer well paste it somewhere else you
you know they're lying so that's it
that he himself believes what he says no
I believe it when you cut things out and
manipulate things you know you are
lying like that is not worth it and in a
judged this of cutting this and that
and such is not worth it, it is worth it in the end, that is what it is
what has been done is to try to mark
marking is trying to get this straight to the
that we are going to react
mark this this afternoon this director
that we are going to react and in the three or
four pieces I've seen my mother how it is
he has gone he has gone because he has
gone because car really this man it
He is having a bad time because his ego does not
allows us to recognize that what is not what is
has done nothing but have no hold on
Okay
He wanted to be on top and they didn't
we let it stay above is what it
is happening
very good that such but you are
enjoying the day myself right now
I'm so good at dealing with a lot
from toxic people who are reaching me
Now to my channel to insult me
etcetera etcetera because adri de
freedom whatever arises has made a video
against me again
adri of freedom from whatever arises has
made a video against me again
no that video not responding to your video
From the flat I ask is that video not
responding to your video
your video the video you made today
the video you made about the day was
Responding to him was not running a tweet
and saying that it should be kept for the child
from Asian bullying
but poor Adri has made a video
against me again
a few as I told you I'm not going to
enter into salt if I am not going to answer you
until 6 but if I want to teach how
are the bullies dealing with using
a lot of toxic community can be
and give me a favor and we'll see when
had just reacted and points out all the
insults that they make us this video is worth it
At the moment, stalkers point out everything
I enjoy it so that the country is endorsed
for Vicky for 15 to vale
I had how the community of these people is
toxic and how they use it against people in
This case is about me as you know.
I'm doing a series about bullying
cyberbullying specifically I am
filing a complaint for cyberbullying
what am I receiving then what am I going to do
to document hopes it will serve more
forward for people who may be
suffering the same as me because
can also use the same
tools as you know the crime of
Cyberbullying is something very new and what else
Yes, basically as I said, I'm not going to
be responding to this type of salt
I am responding to this type of harassment and attempted
when I try they don't listen to me
discrediting my image are watching
against my image because he has already said in
less than a minute on all occasions
that he is not going to respond to the salsa singer
and what are you doing
against my work
Even my lawyer has received hate from
These people
This is very strong
This is very strong Joan Plana, you know what?
what he does and that's what I noticed he goes
asking for a phrase from here another phrase from
here and another sentence from here and it is mounted
the role is worth the one he wants to play
dallas is in fact part of the live show
this one we saw today
but things of the direct a part of the
live that we have seen today is worth it and of the
phrase that says anime to me it seems that
is playing the role of Dallas
when the debate with ladies
It seems to me because he wants it
He wants people to see him as if he
outside dallas that he is a victim that
everyone is against him but
that in the end he is right that he is
denouncing that one day it will come out
other convicts
In fact, I believe that the complaint is
doing it is saying it so many times is for
to form in their audience the stigma that
That's what the courts are for, something will happen
In this sense, Camps nothingness as a
feminist because it condemns you before
there are several trials now you can put the
denounces that he wants something other than when
When I get there, Webby Garduo pays the
costs, which is what would happen in the case
of the flat ones
and I say this from experience and this
They have even harassed my lawyer
it is literal
literal the article of facua by what a
125 that the grapes are going to give us, handsome
He did not reveal that he had already heard anything
literally the thing about they have gotten into it
with my literal lawyer is the article of
facua joan plana if you haven't said it is
Who is your lawyer? Say it now.
If you have not said who your lawyer is
They have publicly told me who you are going to be
saying your gesture lawyer and I don't take it
I believe because sincerely it is a fact
lawyer
If the one who goes around saying it to everyone
world that is taking you
case really agrees to represent t
would freak everyone out in the first place
because you go around being
antifeminist saying that
Feminists are not intelligent things that
They have said about women like that of the
horseshoes than a shitty lock
If all the keys open for them, then for everyone
Those on the left smell bad and dress badly
bad and they look dirty, okay
it serves and it is that
It would be bad for you and that person.
man, I mean, I think that what I
I really think that if that man
find out that you go around saying
that he is representing you
I would surely say something publicly and
would say and disassociate himself from you
I think that if that man finds out
that you go around saying that you are
representing the would put something
publicly to disassociate themselves from you
but apart from that, it is for yourself
It would look bad because it would be completely
It's shameful that you went looking for
that lawyer would be completely
shameful after all things
who says they wouldn't even have friends
no left-wing friend who even
He is fighting with his family over the studio
be left-wing
that you wouldn't get along with anyone
left
So he had that lawyer if later
I don't know but like your lawyer
suffered harassment
If you have not said how is it possible that
no one has gone to tell your lawyer if
You haven't said who his lawyer is
That phrase is literal and also that you already
I say that I already tell you that I already hate
that he knows my modus operandi
I already have this person by heart and you
I said it and it hasn't been failing, okay, that is.
city, so you can't go
saying around that you have taken that
lawyers if you have said things
bad even from the clients of that
Lawyer, how the hell are you going to [ __ ] your ex?
lawyer and that lawyer is going to go over it with
the things you have said publicly
about feminism about people
left on some women that
lawyer not even for work or
for nothing will it be right to represent you
It's not a chance that we're going to be one
bomb but this way this phrase I
I know this man's modus operandi
and this phrase has literally been taken
from the Facua article and said if this
sounds good sounds powerful for me to say
I'm sorry
so that you can see to what extent it has
arrived then well it is serious
They take this as if it were a
game but it is not now I will teach you
several lies that you are going to see how
These people use lies
shamelessly to deceive a lot of people
of people and turn them against you and you will see
how it's all pure toxicity and
You see, with me there is no such toxicity.
that on his side there is no such toxicity, Joan
flat is a live from the other day worth it
three hours teaching all the messages
of your followers but not only of
your followers because as I have already said
One is not responsible for what a person may do.
third is worth one not responsible
of what your audience does or what you are
You can say, don't insult, don't harass, don't
do this don't do that other thing okay but
one is not responsible for what his/her self does
audience but it turns out to be already in
plan that both here and on the channel
from the front as in the channel d
vh we have seen how mickey da vinci
and as a sitting sensei and as a Nike
the 45 followers that you have are
your right hand on youtube since they are or
They are followers who post things and you
you are not responsible for what they put there
They are followers with whom you
you publicly support and those you
has publicly tweeted saying
I support this guy in everything he does.
They are because they are honest because I don't know what
I prefer Mickey da Vinci to anything
Here we have seen tweets from Mickey
Vinci telling Karime for having one
A woman is worth a woman who is already quite mature
Okay, she has a cleavage in her photo.
profile that you can see here in the
chat look right now now over here you
Career is coming out, check it out here.
and you have told me because of that photo
that he goes three blocks back
to prostitute herself
and that same person tell the girlfriend
of HIV that if her boyfriend gives her permission
to eat [ __ ] while it is inserted
heroin
We have said that here
and you support that follower of yours
but not only that is already flat is that you
in this same video that later more
They have passed me ahead, I don't know if more
go ahead or on your twitter he said look
Look, I'm not going to block the comments.
look look you will see the toxicity that I
cae has deleted the comments
Valero in flat
and we already have them certified and
captured and you have deleted them
has deleted a comment here that says
that we are sellouts
that we are unpresentable and that we are not
let's say the turkey referring to the and nothing
the alienated and the fas that one believes and two
unpresentable alienated even though
smokes, I see her fat and ugly
One is an ogre and the other is a brat.
They are stalkers and whoever doesn't want to see it
Well, it will be like they are stalkers and
Some of these comments are cowards.
You give him heart, Valerio flattens, denies it
that I have certified it denies it is worth it
that I have the certificate is valid because
I have a person hired who is
expressly orders the destruction of the plane
because with you I don't miss a thing anymore
ok you have deleted other comments and
They are telling your audience that you
You say that the chupipandi has done it to you
to a nest of social misfits are
some rats, one unbalanced, how disgusting
of youtuber who contribute to the
society are visitors to hate leave
Of course, their evil, heartless people
This comment also gives your
heart are like progress the thief and the
alienated
Here he gives heart to the same thing again
user who told him fat imagine to
Karim Man Vale
how disgusting it is and you give it heart there are two
options here puts you in this video a
Your follower makes you cover this
There are two comments about it on the page
options: criminal complaint or two slaps
to choose
And well, I have like 30 comments here.
that they have erased that they are at this level
Valerio on the flat
and well, I'm already doing it in
direct so that also if you have
any doubt or question you can
ask and well I'm going to answer this
type of harassment he is doing since
the networks to the social networks are
increasing harassment are meat
cannon for those who like it is a
social media stalker feels like
A fish in water or out of water, it's that clear.
and this is already starting to grow
in a very very dangerous way that
sooner or later they will have to put
some kind of control on the internet to
that those things don't happen and YouTube is
making youtubers together also in
groups unite and go against people and
They try to cancel them, it's bothering me.
trying to cancel is trying
They are discrediting us
discrediting me I know it is what it is
amazing what they are doing
Joan if you defame us and lie about
we and we have to deny that
it discredits you right
And well, I hope that justice will do this.
solve it since I have tried
It cannot be solved without justice
tired that he has tried to solve it without
Justice when Joan Plana we have you
invited to debate we have invited you to
stop you don't want for something like a
What you want is to be above you
what you want to win is to be on top
to come out on top and win
you are not a victim of a plane plane
You are the one who has been attacked, you have left
from the hands
you have been exposed and now they are
going through a bad time or so this is really
already affecting the news and is going through it
very bad and is probably at home
all day turning it around has done
because his ego does not let him accept that he is
time to acknowledge mistakes and
to retire and you have to know the
errors and that we have asked you to
let him turn the page if he had
Dear, even if there are two months that neither he nor
is talking about us nor are we talking about
he but he loves us he wants to win
stay above and if you go you won't go
to stay here because you are going to be very dismantled
easy if he defames us and lies about us
us
We have to deny it, that's what it is.
They don't stop, they keep going, well, I'm not going to do anything
use justice
This said so that he does not know who he is
YouTube
freedom what arises because I am not a
Boy, now you're going to see it, watch out Javi.
that you will not have fallen for the wink that they
makes those who follow them claim
that women are all prostitutes and that
It doesn't bother you to be a feminist, it's not
intelligent ok but being misogynistic yes
I don't know, and what are you referring to in the Matrix?
but who is Mysore calling no yes
It's him please I asked for it okay no
put me in the compromise in my live
Don't put insults in the good chat
I imagine you are calling misogynists
some of your followers do not like us
He is calling my nephew but he is
They are calling some people misogynists
followers of yours who claim I don't know what
I don't know how much good I don't know about the case
and made a video of about 30 something years old
minutes I have caught several lies that have
said and we are going to review so you can see
how they use lies without any kind of
repair and how they even use the
communities to go against the
victim not cared for
feel one
is constantly taking someone
Nothing, and to the gentleman from Logroo, why?
Well, that's incredible, you know everything.
This is why why does he call them everything
This is because it is worthless and the lord of
Logroo are other youtubers in which
There was the day they made the law that
Smoking is not allowed on terraces, etc.
They became very hysterical saying
that this could not be insulted
You will see they insulted each other and called us
They called everything to those who are not us
smokers who we don't want to smoke in
the terraces and I call drug addicts
all the people who smoke this
contains a direct this what was said a thousand
times I was drug addicts at all
people who are addicted to tobacco
because that is what is contradictory that
society has made us believe that it is very
cool that is very cool and I think that we
has to say what they are so that
stop smoking because those who smoke don't
does it for a rational reason, does it for a
social issue
The thing is that he says that he called them
drug addicts for this reason attention if
Karime I already know that I already know that she posted it
for him what happens is that I don't want no
If you put anything like that, I appreciate it.
on its perch equally and matrix but
although I know they don't do it, he said to
He has been told this by some follower of his
You put those things because then they
uses good things will be used
way you bases and then uses them to
cut it out and say that you have been insulted
in a super chat of mine and that I have
accepted that I insult him on my perch
He knows when the insult wasn't meant for him
but well, there are two ways he will get it
things will be cut by the glue
Likewise this man the rivals
Joanne stops saying that he calls drugs
sayings to everyone who smokes I plan you
You know perfectly well that when you
you start calling people drug addicts
[Music]
with him everything you do to him you are
doing with one with contempt and with
a way is valid for people to
put like junkies as the type of drug
a saying that is commonly known is worth it
They are not calling him a drug addict because
They smoke tobacco, okay, you know it, I know it.
was doing with a connotation
derogatory so that people take it
as if you knew perfectly well that
It makes me very angry that this is done
innocent, he should play dumb.
knows very well
he knows what he is using it for
of the drug addict is doing it with a
connotation so that people are not
as a junkie it's worth it
promotes smoking by making a live broadcast
defending smoking you are some
irresponsible people, you're going to give me your lessons.
when you are promoting death
irresponsible
I just read that I'm back
feminist is the same as attractions
If you want to kill people, say so clearly.
Drug addicts lose their energy when
when when you stand here
drug addict or drug addict or drug addict or
drug addict you are not doing it for him
tobacco and you know it perfectly well, Joan
flat this is the same as when you put
a tweet saying about Dallas, no, oh
The girls from Dallas will have to stay
How old are the girls who ask him?
photos to dallas knows perfectly well that
I was doing it with double intention with
seconds for each one they accused him of
pedophilia okay don't play dumb and the
innocent and that it is a coincidence that the
unintentional facts in the plan or rather the whole
The world knows that when you and yourself
Habits when you're calling a drug addict
to these people I was doing it with him
little bull so that people can offend him
You're doing it to offend, okay?
I don't know
that made a film director a
director about cinema talking about this
thanks for the movie is movie
a movie doesn't happen that I
take advantage of that you could look at that you could
see that it was not that moves this character
He is saying that I call drug addicts
smokers addicted to tobacco because
they were making a live film
It's called thank you for smoking, there's one
a film that is actually called
Thanks for smoking, I've seen it very much.
Good, by the way, no tobacco comes out
because the movie is against tobacco
anti-smoking and look how this is
directly here you have a fragment of the
direct so that you can judge if
really as adri says it is a direct
About cinema, okay, let's see a fragment.
don't do it
You, I have a tweet here, I've examined it and
If you lie, I'll put it in my tweet. Okay.
well lie look at it and tell me
publicly somewhere where you
you want the community tab on twitter
What that tweet says is a complete lie, isn't it?
there is I have a tweet that was edited in
the one you say is alienated and Miguel
They made a direct call thanks for
smoke
you know perfectly well that this live
It was called thanks for smoking by the
title of the movie but you in that
Tweet implies that Vicky and Miguel
they had put that live as a title
thanks for smoking like giving it to me
thanks to the smokers for smoking it
knows perfectly well
and Adri although still cut pieces
Adrian what he is referring to is
that tweet that twitter posted
Adri in his video that we have it is worth it
Adri, well, a tweet that Joan Plana posted
a tweet 10 and 2 and if you have
made a live saying thank you for
smoke
and that live show was titled like that
direct was titled like that because of the movie
This is about Adri cinema because the atmosphere is
so shamelessly because you know that
you have an audience that must be
illiterate and believes your lies already
I'm seeing one here and he says you are
Champion's best head retouching
make yourself seen is what I'm receiving
and other people who defend me
totally toxic people because of
your lies and I say yours because
yourselves and I and I am
receiving from the flat be you are
receiving that because I am receiving
in a photo I upload with my wife
friendship recorded a photo with my wife in
the snow for a follower of yours to come and
I'm going to be a stalker to see if they'll get you now
in jail and you stop bullying
that instigated by you
You're saying no, don't mess with us.
we don't know what leave us alone and you
we will leave you alone you speak as a group
You really behave like accusers and
Justice I hope all this is
settled the balls sure you are
using a lot of toxic people
against other people who then teach
in the comments I'm receiving
This is shameful here, shameful
from the comments of your follower Mickey
da vinci not telling his girlfriend about a
Well your follower than his colleague because
he follows you with him, he says I'm saying that
you support it okay or so it's more than a
follower is as if it were for me he was going
a goal to karime is worth it or they tell me that
It's going to feel silky so don't say
My dear Vinci telling you there it is
reported gives me vinci that you see that
He reported it, okay, so it gives me victory.
telling your girlfriend that she is
go to prostitute yourself while your
boyfriend is my fan or I know I don't know how much
and he has lied shamelessly, notice that
what a big lie
Hey, what about being alienated and being the owner
evidently the self has avoided it which
It's saying there it's not that I'm not
saying that you are and calling them
drug addicts because they have done the
direct and maybe I am saying that
that thing they say about them that
They promote tobacco and fit I think
I have said it, Adri says the calls have
said because the thief also knows
cuts a lot of videos, it is believed not
It is necessary to censor both the
words are worth seeing until I
I say all the words that bother me
to all of course you can't use are
other things are worth it but he has cut the
piece to make it look like adri if I
turn around I haven't said it forgive me if
he hasn't said it
Okay Javi, listen about being alienated and what
desired the rank evidently has
avoided the self what is saying there
That's not it, I'm not saying that you are
He is calling them drug addicts because
They have done the live show and so what I
is saying that what they say about
they promote tobacco
incites people who want people
die and all that is because they made a
direct that I know more thanks for smoking and
then he interpreted it as that
They were encouraging all that, it doesn't happen that the
text what I say in the middle of all
explanation cuts it short with the beginning
from the end and it seems like he's saying a
stuff
but please listen to me as well
while I'm here live to some
of you to send me the tweet in the
that he says you have done a live that
It's called thanks for smoking, send me that one
tweet please
and those who sold fatter than to say that
He doesn't care if they tell you this lie
is that they were doing a live show
cinema and oli swan the drama drug addicts us
they are insulting
I mean, how does he have the nerve to do that?
what is surreal is surreal
next lie or so you can see
If he is capable of making this lie that is
so so verifiable that it was not a
film director live where he was
insulting people we didn't like
tobacco, imagine
This demonstrable look
Very good, I hope you are enjoying it
of the day
on which channel was the thanks for
smoking was on the channel of this kid from
here from Seville
What is the name of the kid from Seville that I
I get along very well with him
pine forest
where is that live show called
thank you for smoking
Let's check here if the live was
about the fight no
It was a live that was not was was a
direct that was alienated with look and
with the Cadiz native
Please send me the live stream and tell me in
what where and send me the tweet too
where Joan Plana says they made a
live that was titled thanks for
smoking because he is thanking them
people for smoking
the rest the rest is garbage all for
trying to cancel it is worth it, it's mind-blowing
all this is affecting my money
all to try to nullify me in what
everyone tries something, everyone else already
frustration that Joan Plana has and everything
The bad thing is that he is going through it because he is not
it turned out well for you
because you wanted to crush the others
But since you look terrible, everything is fine.
This is what you have not to my work to
my relationships all because of this
people and I'm fed up
and why don't you stop
and why didn't it stop two or three years ago
months when we have told you that not to
I wouldn't have to mention more if you
you were here dedicating the videos and
all the videos that this dedicates to us
week and in dowry to other channels speaks
from us to the super kids tell
Sandro, what a coward for not debating me
I wouldn't be here reacting to this
It's as simple as that.
and also to report bar a pasture no longer
You know the thousands of euros I have to
paying to report all this is that
when this process is finished in case of
damage when I finish I will explain everything
and you are going to hallucinate, it is normal that many
People do not report because of the money they
It costs a fortune, that is, if I don't
had money to report
You are absolutely right
flat for those on twitter
Johann Planas is right to denounce
it costs a lot of money
not only report but you
report and defend yourself
I have already said it, I have spent on
defend myself in a complaint to defend myself
nine thousand euros and it hasn't been yet
trial is not even known when it will be so
flat is willing to
to spend a lot of money not because
will only start the process and this will
I pay five or six thousand euros then you have
to pay a solicitor, a notary, a
An expert can cost you a thousand euros.
basically but I to
If you said you wouldn't make it to the end
month
let's see let's see let's see he was
telling people that he didn't get to
end of the month that please be done
patriotic ones that will be donated
like the one who is now boasting about
what money has when you are right
Joan Plana now or when she said no
I was making ends meet
and your followers which of the two
things you believe in your followers
You have to be putting up with this
people delete me by doing a
cancellation full of lies using
Toxic people are brutal.
brutal
then here he tries to make believe that I
I'm going to insult people so why
I'm calling people like crazy
crazy insults he does this and
makes this whole gang this this
scum that they are trying to eliminate send me
posting decontextualized tweets without
know where they come from look how they insult
Mine how you insult, I have already said yes
They mess with you, you can answer
But I don't go around insulting like that.
free well now it's just been stuck
shot of the same voucher is said yes
You get involved with him if he can answer
but I'm not going to enjoy it for free if it is
truth and enjoying volatile Joan
is encouraged to enjoy for free and I have
Here all those identified deny it
Okay, I enjoyed it for free.
and a lot of people who already do
They showed a lot of opportunities to him
attacked for free without them attacking you
They say nothing to you, your Twitter is a party
every day all the taken away
boys experimenting in one day he messes with
a tweeter another day with another YouTube
another day with another even with the girls
is marine
But if this girl were a girl who
a girl who does live with HIV
marine then the action is called
twitter marina is called another day
dedicate to your daughter her or to the whole
world to everyone smells panties you
I called no no no before I started
To answer him he had told me a
a lot of a lot of silly insults
silly but said a lot of times
smells panties that I jerked off with
photo of the fairy a lot of times until
that it really pissed me off and I was right, okay?
You will see the lies they use these
lies, attention, your brother because he is the
The wanker will also have his moment of
Gloria calls him a wanker, he gave him a time
for just calling everyone up
that we caught some very good videos of his
turbid if he is going to get one
complaint yes he will get a
report because he told you to be
illegal
That is, he puts it as if it were going to fall on him
complaint is filed against Adri
Adri can't report you not because
you tell him that it stinks, that he should take a shower
a slob
Adri can't report you.
You can report him because he calls
What's wrong with your shady videos?
say these videos are a little shady
what's wrong with it
that they have reportable that has weight
for court
Johann who doesn't scare anyone
report people I have spoken for a
lots of people reporting people
get out of the [ __ ] help while then
have money to pay for things
that they are going to condemn you because the one who
loses the sentence on costs
Paul A
We will document it and give it a try.
transmitting everything since you are
By making it public we will tell how
Here's the thing: I'm asking a question.
I'm going to ask a question here, okay?
I if any of us will need
help because we couldn't pay the
lawyer
because contrary to the plan it would help us
and
would help us and I ask myself this question
but from complaints that he denounces
that Adri said it was illegal there
It is based on a true complaint
It's that it's that it's that it's mind-blowing like that
shady videos but what are you doing?
like shady videos a video like I have
made rome gallardo where he taught how
They are therefore vibrators etc. because
I went to an event where types were taught
of liquid type vibrators etc.
I made a video explaining what I don't know
You are retrograde or I don't know
you know
is that these things are used and I made a
video very far back very
retrograde because you don't know what they are used for
those things then why do you call
masturbator the others have flat or so
here what you are what you are being
criticizing that you are diverting the topic
Here's what you're being criticized for, Joan.
flat is that you call a wanker
a lot of people and you stopped using it
They were calling everyone toothpick if
I have at least 10 or 20 here
your tweets saying I am a
pillbox that I jerk off with
photos of the fairy and that I like more 230
that two carts and that the neurons
I go when I see the fairy's tits
if you realize that you are a player
Jon Plana
you realize that in a court of law and
He no longer had the things he told us
but the number of witnesses we would have, let's go
You realize the things you have done
saying
you called everyone a corridor
south hand here was calling him to
league and not by adding today by hand for and
because there on top of that day there has been
fell short and has not put the twist
complete
I'm complete, I make them, it's my game
over
and we will see it more
on the complete tour not only
He calls his brother a pailero
In the complete you also call him
criminal, tell me what he told you
in his brother
so that you can call them criminals but
I'm going to wet you because if everything is
it was documented
I don't need to go to the movies either.
I need to spend time with friends
I don't need to go to a theme park either.
I need to do many things that I do
possibly because I have a good time
we had a good time, I don't know if the men
why are they hitting you that others
stands just like you the same as you
you want to have a monopoly on the
pay the same as you get with the monopoly
from the embarrassment of YouTube questions
for the one who is recording they have returned to
that dildo twitter account by
of your comforters called criminals
air
He's calling us all percent in
his brother also called him a jerk
He also called them criminals, okay, it came out
like imagine yourself in a courtroom
Imagine a whole court, let's see.
see what the summa has told you and
apart from not saying shady videos you are not
bad citizen only from shady videos
all this flat
on twitter on youtube on telegram what
be something
has told his followers please not
insult us we are not going to insult
[Music]
we have urged ourselves to say it
in fact in fact I have we also have
We have your telegram appraised
witnesses who would come okay and in the
telegram absorbed here pearl in the
telegram also called me abuser and
In fact, we have also appraised the
group of records that taught us that in
the last live but I have it appraised
whole and in the liquor group no
not only does he mess with us but
He also starts sharing videos
our critics that perhaps
shared the criticism he made of me the most
videos against us are put to
distribute videos against us
unbridled blood is never worth it but when
They tell him that the videos are shady.
There is nothing illegal for you to report
I'm going to put in what he said I have
cloudy videos what it refers to is
that are a little kringe because the
truth is they don't hit you, they don't hit you that
try to do that
and there is no such thing as modern, there is no such thing as inclusive, don't you?
stick
and normal where he explained these things the same
that Roma Gallardo did, what the [ __ ] is going on here?
He asked for a very murky opening that
empty if he's going to make you one
denounces this way of discrediting
people attacking my image
proposed this way of discrediting
people and attack my image and
When did you tell Adri that you didn't know?
shower finally going to shower position
Yours is a week that we do not have
certified that every day every day
You posted a tweet saying he's finally leaving
to take a shower and that's when you had a fight with
The other day I'm going to fight you in that one
kind of debate you had and why
twitter shower piggy kak pedro piqu
When he enters my house I have to open it
the windows
That is not denigrating his image
when we told you to shower
and that kind of thing
all of you who have loved each other and then
If I love Hitler or I don't know what it is like
it was something that I said for free
let's see who this guy is whom I
I call him a wanker and as you can see he has
There's a toilet paper on the bed, look.
what dam did he say without me saying anything to him
I don't have toilet paper, as you can see.
in bed it's okay that means that a
bird if this guy reaches me this I
talk
and
They carry flat [ __ ] hypocrites that you
you have no talent and you have never
you will have the level you will never have
you will never have the knowledge
5% of the charisma that can reach
be useful if this comes to pass
You know that you will soon have news
mine and I wait for you so gladly I say to you
I look forward to the one who plays you
all
look
and I've done this rat thing too
messed with the chat this clip may be
be before the insult but this other one
clip had already messed with you
therefore you are lying and you are
manipulating in this clip is worth it
insulting for this click that just
put in this click this is enough
This is enough by the way if you go
clean the straw toilet paper no
wipes are fine
what is made for you to do
you call a jerk
Bird and Criminal score
that HIV has charisma and you don't
that hurts so much yes yes yes the
question that was going to be like this
Yeah
if the question you are saying
has enough charisma and now this
another click that says is after your
insult with this the south is that it is the
south in another room is in your
brother in another room and dyed
blond
if this is this this has to be done
nothing that was had the blond these
many these many after hard of
luck
That's what it's for, for that title already jerk off
and criminal
to tell you that he has a lot of HIV
charisma that you will not have
Okay, it's true that Adrian is a liar.
this insult is totally justified
today burns what I am not by messing with
This guy who messed with me like that
I am not and what he said discrediting him
My image only tells one story
part but you don't tell the other
but as the day as it has not put in your
video the reason why he told her
wanker and delinquent to his brother
Why haven't I included it in your video, Adrian?
people would have realized that they weren't
it was for less
You have to be a real scoundrel.
that being a scoundrel, a scoundrel, aims
VAT
This is what they do to me, they attack me
They threaten but if I answer it's because I
I'm bad but what kind of person am I?
what kind of people we are with
living together
my goodness, what a misfortune!
true, what a disgrace, charisma, attention
then we can find things
even of charisma
He pretends he doesn't know what he's doing
here and no more you will see Louis is back
also a comment from a person
a follower of your charisma seriously I who
I held that fat guy in high regard and I
I love life and I like it there is a
a lot of likes buy them those things
very cloudy very cloudy very cloudy
let's see what made Arisman about
me without me doing anything without me
I would say nothing about the fact that they are a guy who
suddenly makes a lot of videos
against me like that, saying that I am
The worst thing is that I'm far from here, that I'm not that
nothing to me and even makes fun of me
image here is trying to imitate me
when I was in the captain's section
since that's bad
let's see let's see let's see what
First, Arisman can talk about everything
the controversy that he wants in a
Salcedo Toro Channel, a character
public that is both in the middle of controversy
as if you want to do 80 80 and in this
parody is not laughing at your image
that you find funny if you
It seems like this is laughing at your image
everything that you do will seem ridiculous to you
you are doing the same because here charisma
He's making a parody of you by not giving
the news on the plane of the song
that you did saying that you
He would fix everything we told him to fix.
It doesn't matter what they tell me, do you remember, Joan?
flat I don't know if you have removed it
I have the video examined, let's see
there is a video
resisted a video that we are going to watch
same
all this is in an expert report
and if your videos
[Applause]
because here I have it put verbatim
and I couldn't say which one it is
and
This is the video
This is the video that is parodying
This video stamped charisma
and
that is, you do this
you do this and put kalimba here
and you are offended that I make a parody, this is
to like a heart where it is
They call him fat, imagine that they took it was Joan
plan what is happening to you
Criticizing is not only the fact of
that you mess with him what you were getting into
criticizing in the video that you have added
It's that you go around saying how bad
mess with the physical and you give heart to
a comment that calls him fat charisma
why don't you mention that don't say no no me
I respond to charisma because the
very clearly he messed with me first no no
and the truth
Adrian is criticizing me because I have
moralistic in the previous video
saying that they applaud when they
They mess with the physical and I give it to him
I give my heart to this one, look what it is there.
It's funny, the truth is that the guy
He works hard at least here you are
They have plans, I have no friends and what does it do?
make fun of yes I have friends I don't have
Friends, but today is not harassment, it is not harassment
[Music]
This is harassment
I don't have friends, they shouldn't do it
Hey, how bad I am that I have given it to a
comment a like because it was messing with
This guy with this guy with this guy who
He keeps making videos saying
barbarities about me barbarities
barbarities someone someone who has
I've seen all the kalimba videos.
Can you give some examples of the
The outrageous things that Charisma Drama has said
you're giving him a free pass anyway
heart to someone who calls fat and
enjoy the physical aspect to something else
you in the previous video
Oh how bad are those who do this
but all that was enough for you, what are you going to do?
I'm looking forward to seeing you in court.
Uncle, I have other beautiful desires because
What you've done is disgusting and has Adri in it.
The truth is that whatever emerges takes months
messing with me I hadn't done it to him
no video no video nothing and the guy
suddenly makes a four-hour video
where he washes me misogynist where he himself
He says they laugh at me, they laugh at me
but I don't let myself but it's not harassment
it is not harassment
your hair is going to fall out, man, it's going to lower the
hair because you have swollen your balls
They lower the egg Adriana takes a video
from me 12 years ago and he messes with me
after 12 years of trying
trying to laugh at me but what are you doing?
You go, but what are you going for? Enough already.
Man, I'm not going to say anything else.
freedom and whatever arises I will not
just answer the following will be with
the lawyer and in the courts
you have separated me
nothing
And what is he going to report about Adri?
but do not make the complaint
I haven't seen any of them yet
nothing reportable is that not even
take it out of context
then also take it with the da la da
love is another one from youtube that says about the
a lawyer doesn't have time to
start selling your body video is
On the subway they sent me the only seen
This is on the stamp or has it been done from my own
I have seen these huge attentive ones
call a prostitute by the face
very well another defamation to the song as
You can see the tweet, I'm not talking about tin, no
you have heard it
I'm not talking about the fairy
denies that the other and they were not uncle at all
I mean this is mind-blowing
Listen to this, it's amazing, you can get to it
selling her body while making videos of
sal seo or the flame by the face
prostate
very good another training to the song that
It is information according to Joan Plana or
Imagine yourself on the front page denouncing Adri.
For this reason, if you look, he reported it because it has
saying that I said done to the fairy and I
I gave it to the one with the evidence
public that there are
two parodies where you dance at home, not everyone
only him and two video reactions one to the
video of the kid I made and another one
your game over and the reaction to this
that they are more euro that Karima is their
thematic and can talk about it to you
wishes then that this man has us
dedicated to another 20 videos and thousands of
Twitter posts in the tab
community on instagram on facebook the
same videos that he made for us in
YouTube has also uploaded them to Facebook
with a lot of visits
I think this is what is judged is the dick
guys, this live show is amazing
I'm saying that they said they were laughing
with me and that I didn't let him not
Juanes or fabrics invented to what
we said well because he is doing like
that I have said all that live no
I remember who said we are
laughing with wang only he doesn't
participate because your cousin will see when
we were watching is basically Joan
leaving Malaysian have commented on the
houses saying don't do this and then
doing so by taking the blow against himself
then he is the one who causes the humor
is the inventor of that control we are not
seeing with him not of him
I will comment later that it has had to be
mess with me with a 12 year old video
What I did with that 12 year old video was
say you have to see and they are flat how it has
how much has changed you have seen
What is the difference between the videos of
12 years ago and the layoffs now
fix what you have learned are flat
which has improved since editing acting
get things done
interpreting that is super offensive is
that distorts reality knows
anything the kitchen distorts
so that it seems like a crime or something
the style but now it goes to the
played if you then have money to
pay us the cost to see how he explains
publicly then he will say that he uses it
It works as an affront and then
because it was the debate Joan V is the fairy
If the debate was given by comments like
that
the debate subsided because of this tweet but that
denies that it is for anything
being denied that it is for that which I say
that we have everything
So we have everything, it is admired
DAE folder I don't know if I put it in the
another whole day but look at the folder
of the fairy loves, that is, it was impressive
when we were doing the report
expert because they were at least
20 or 30 tweets taking only the
more serious are those that were repetitive
and that doesn't jump, let's go and it was one behind
one after another is fine
look at this tweet okay here it takes the the
take it and put the screenshots of it
love and says
She calls me a misogynist when I have
girlfriend is worth it, that is, irrefutable argument
These come together and behave like
pure feminists then in private
They throw [ __ ] without the other knowing it.
a choni is worth it or so
that this is not about you and me
that the one they were showing here is not going
not at all
So it's not for the atheist, look at 1 of
September 2nd, pim pim pim
pim and where it is still estimated in
Some screenshots show several PIM tweets
pim pim pim pim pim September 3
pim pim and 4 ping ping ping ping ping
ping ping ping ping 17 ping here what
I am I am incredible I am in the [ __ ]
This you are the [ __ ], I mean this tweet is
notice the seriousness of the matter
with this tweet it's worth it and he's lying down
from the beginning the day they made
the debate that the debate was for those
tweets are worth nothing now and the 6 and they are had
blocked okay then he takes it and there he is
that to the responses to a tweet from the fairy
that has nothing to do with him
several to look at the tweet of the fairy who was
Fighting with Alan has nothing to do with
see with it because they will appear flat in the
replies to a tweet in which they are
The fairy said today why did you erase
this photo and I answer it in plain English
I better delete it because it was going too far.
covered and that encouraged us to
followers to pay for their body
ellipsis in photos or when
You put points here for his body
ellipses in photos because you don't put it
followed because he does not put his body in
photos because he wants to convey what
what do you want to convey?
I don't treat people like they suck
a finger Joan Plana
If you wanted to sell your body in
photo does not put the ellipsis because
you're doing it halfway because you want to
to convey what you want to convey
understand and above all this tweet is already this
tweet from December 4th that here is your
account was not yet delighted okay
the account delighted I think like the 18th
or 20 or something like that is worth this amazing tweet
Okay, what it does is take an extract of
A live broadcast of mine with Roma Gallardo is worth a
direct in which we were not talking
Nothing about Joan Plana, valuable this live
we were talking about a cancellation
what they did to him on Twitter at
Gallardo is fine, so Joan Plana swallows him.
me direct and download an extract
where Rosa Gallardo was saying that
people who are only fans of something
way she prostitutes herself okay then take Joan
flat look at this is god and this is me
seems
Very serious, don't imagine Joan Plan
explaining this in court first
is that you get a narrow direct
mine okay I wasn't talking about anything
plan to a live of mine is cut a
piece where it is being said that a live
am may be some form of
prostitution cuts it and now takes it
and now take it
A video of the dancing fairy underlines with
the difference that I'm in underwear
ok and download this video from
Fairy's Twitter when she has it
blocked
That is, nothing has it blocked and the turkey
manages to go to his twitter to see
her dancing videos
okay and puts it on top in fact for
relate what Rome is saying about
prostitution with her
That is to say, the intention that Joan has is
flat a judge is not going to fool him, man
A judge is not stupid even when he is
put everything done you will see the intention
that you have had whatever intention has
had to take the first thing you do
watching a live show of me and Roma that's it
The first thing is the seconds you do and in
give twitter frost when she gives you
has blocked
and you go to the twitter of the day to search
her dancing videos
Okay, and thirdly, why are you doing this?
montage relating what was
saying Rome with nothing
I mean, this attitude seems incredible to me and
I even called the other bullies.
on top of that he calls the other bullies what
balls you do appearing in the
responses to a frozen tweet when she
has you blocked
and if you can't pay for your body points
ellipses in photos because it doesn't say
pay for her body in photos often
because he wants to convey what
wants to imply a plan there is no
and really do not try to justify
This is not like it was not there
implying that or anything by the
style because it is not bone
a fool would understand it a fool would understand it
I would understand what you are doing with
those three are flat and it is very serious
As you can see, the tweet does not talk about the
fairy I'm not talking about the fairy, it's not in a can
I'm talking about a lawyer who doesn't have time to
start selling your body to start with
I don't know if it is now but at that time
nothing was not a lawyer because it took us to the
judged the Spanish need to take a stand
a few laughs and I promise you they will be
insured crying with laughter
crying with laughter you will see crying with laughter
I am a person who repeats so much
courts from September until today and
They say all the videos, I take it one
lantern or tuba, complaint is filed and that's it
as I have done, or in my case this
that I reported yesterday reported of ok
You have no dispute and that is why I have put it
complaints against YouTuber both civilly
for the criminal that you neither know nor know
found out by fortune when you put one
Demand takes us from September to
Now what you want is to bluff
to see if you want to scare us
or scare someone is intended to scare
someone for your to be free to say what
that you feel like it, that you don't
answer and that's it, we'll go to the flat and
I'm telling you, I'm also afraid of anything
fear the player I have done nothing illegal
the candle is set
We'll see you in two or three or
four years without playing and they will pay me
things are worth it or there is a complaint against everyone now
that we have all committed so many crimes
against you and all of us in a group have
cyberbullying has not been reported
to everyone
I wasn't going to say it but it's going to reach you
to you before something when that is done
I will make it public but it will reach you
before something
and the worst is going to happen because you have
dear because this could have been
stationary
if this stops but it didn't want to stop
is that he is what is happening to him
bad and what bothers him is that he doesn't
wins that he can't crush us that he
cannot remain above and leave others in a bad light
the others so that the others may be the
that those who lose are stony
followers and that's what happens to him
He is frustrated and ximo with that
I was not a lawyer nor am I talking about any here.
serious lawyer in Zalla
I'm serious, that is, this part in
the one who is denying the da
what the [ __ ] not just for me and
For the people who are here, it is already here
part for his own followers must
be
Look, I know he's lying to us that his
fans themselves know that yes, yes
was for nothing
I mean
look at this tweet
surely the display but
Well, look at this tweet.
all this is accredited to say that
false the good thing says in the tweet puts a
capture of the one of loves having him
blocked and puts the other liar to the
list has blocked me for saying the
TRUE
you are right, that is to say they are flat, they are never
referred to the fairy as a lawyer thinks that
On Twitter this guy says lawyer and nothing.
go out and look at the past twitter that is
the origin of all this is in this
aesthetic position of a lawyer who sells
your body I don't know I don't know how many that is a
answer an answer from the past
Note that they are flat or never meant
to nothing as a lawyer because of course not
It's when he never saw it clearly in this
tweet who hire a lawyer who
make what you do to the pse or on youtube and
sells sensual photos in patriotic vale
In this tweet he refers to her as
lawyer okay and is saying here no
that it wasn't her that she's not a lawyer
but he believes he really believes that this
in a court it serves them and that lawyer
that he is saying that he is going to
represent you will represent you
having told him I don't know I don't know
He is going to have a worse time, specifically, he spoke in
generic a lawyer effectively
anyone does not have time to get to
selling your body while making videos is
to the point or point
and he is saying that in front of thousands of
people I have called prost and winged
information other information and all this
He has already told you this privately and said it
adri this is a lie this is a lie
This is a lie
remove it not perfect will talk to him
lawyer period that's it, it's over I'm
fed up fed up
This is how manna and then they come here
little kids that I don't know if they have
brats, that's because they are older people
adult should have a 5 year old brain
to insult me and other people
because in the video he encourages the
people to send these videos call for or
be against me makes it cyberbullying
totally cyberbullying totally and
writing the grab bag here in
I chat and it's a shame and it's a shame the drawer
It's sad how it drags but
this because of followers because because
the pain takes out waves disaster lean when
He did the interview and lied to them in every way.
the face ate the lie in all
the face and yet they are still there dancing
the water at your feet all day and 500
kilos in fact the messages that are being sent to them
Putting the chai makes me feel ashamed, okay?
that what he just said
Regarding cyberbullying, imagine Johann
flat taking us home saying that
This is defamation
that we are saying that he told him this
to the fairy and that he was not going at all
for the face [ __ ] but look Lopez come on
to make a little reflection before
keep watching it Joan Plana is doing it
having a bad time because he is not right
because everyone is getting into
against because people are giving
realizes that he is not right and they are telling him
going the followers the buts what
sea
when he does this right saying
These things, for example, are not
He was referring to the one he thinks is this
direct does you some good
He doesn't think that by doing this live
saying that he was not going to do anything or
whether the gesture is to say that it was not going to happen
It's not like telling a girl anything anymore
someone who is white
This is white, this is white, I'm going to you
report
So it seems equally obvious to me
Imagine if they report me for sending
explicitly harassed in a video in which
that I explicitly say do not go to
tell me nothing insult me to light to no
It doesn't matter what he said later
tries to impose whatever he wants
It feels like if you see someone by
there saying that I am the kingdom of wine
clue I have said something today that is in favor
of the ten abusers no sir
sides that these lies that they put
the video is already there but if I was going to
I was going to apply it but that's how it is
I'm going, or rather, what Adri has done is what
Same as I did once and he did this
use as if we have sent
to our followers to send him
the videos where we defame him
we welcome that is not what we have
said on some occasion that when you see
Defaming Joan Plana is not worth it
example on this occasion that has said that
Adri had posted a tweet supporting her.
the bullies of this child who was
attacked
I answered him it is with the evidence by
example I told him if you see that we
defames or insults us or says something bad about us
we a lie we have
anything the wine to see for
answer him in your own words with
The evidence here is worth it because he
sells like we do it more
videos harassing him enjoying the good
He doesn't sell it, he doesn't transform it like that.
reality he knows what reality is
The problem with everything is that he is here
knows what reality is
at the end of the man who does that is a
direct where we spoke and I made a
interview is called good to a youtuber
which talks about relationships
and then we had a chat with you
from the chat etc.
about relationships okay and here I talk
of abusive relationships etc. is
an abuse, an abuse without any
sense good man and women I have
I have seen women who accept abuse
men who seem to me in the end you
I criticize but you're already a woman with this
man who is mistreating you
is treating like a kind of sack
The other day I saw a YouTube that did
his wife is your cadet and that is not a
couple is a toxic relationship
abusive relationship
and all the time he was referring to
Javi Oliveira lies live on
He never spoke about Javi Oliveira at any time.
I never say his name at any time
moment I am referring to him
specifically at no time did he
He takes it out because there is a tweet where
I put Javi Oliveira who has said to one
woman because there is a tweet okay or so no
There's like that tweet where he called me
the treaty is valid where it calls me
abuser
It is clarifying the live thing but it is that
Not only that, Joan Plana, there is
He believes that he will go to court.
I was going to say, oh, I won't say his name.
if you catch in a live and in the people
in the chat that I have certified it
Javier Beirn is telling you, okay?
He did it with the intention of knowing it
why do you think you're going to get away with it?
for not from nameless to I do not say the name
He didn't give his name here but I was like
So you go to Twitter and clarify who it is
Come on, you're already saying it live without
say the name but on twitter you put the
clip so people know who they are
He knows the plan perfectly, that is, he
think it is but part of it is not that we are going to
see what was in the tweet
What a shame, dude, because you never
has dared to debate with you no
I have no idea why that would be since
There is no shame, okay?
the deal deal deal of a thug the deal
He's not just a badass with me or
Who exposes his lies? I'm like
'has never exposed anyone's lie
worth contradictions and attitude to lities
is that it also behaves like a
authentic Pablo Iglesias saying shut up
in a humiliating way to a woman is worth
I'm trying to be a badass, that is, you're telling him
that I also have a thug deal
with a woman it's okay and live
clarifies that this is evil because Joan uses
a chroma in his room had now
moved but that's not all it is
Not only that, they were already coming
insulting in several tweets okay I think
It is in this voucher where it also returns
to insinuate a good is not stupid Joan
flat if you think you're going to get away with it
because some lawyer or someone who
understand you have told but if you don't say
your name doesn't matter if it goes well
flat okay if javi the answer is that
Yes, I think he needs a psychologist.
If you already treat people like that in public
They don't want to imagine those who have to
put up with whoever has to me in private
to endure in private the scoundrel that my
wife and my children
My wife, my children, and Joan Plana no longer
You treat people like fools, it is known
perfectly that this is a
insulting insinuation that has spoken of
abuse on live television referring to me
and in case it is not clear to anyone
share a clip okay share a clip
which is deleted because this live is not
was published
Ok this live was not published go to
know how you have ballet but what
you are a coward, what a coward you are throwing the
stone well we already know that you are a
coward because you are going to say it out there
debate to debate and do your part for the people
No, but you are such a coward, it is not said
everything you say about people and then to
I haven't told him because you don't sleep with him.
two eggs and they tell the truth because they don't
you have two balls and he tells me because
not with two eggs and you come here and tell me
They say what I was telling you in this
tweet
This is a plan to flat stars says
the thing but then there I have not said it
I have already said it when I tell you the
things someone tell you if I'm you
saying done
I'm telling you this but it's not
That's just me like, "I don't know."
It's just the two or three tweets and the
direct is that then I have a direct
yours is worth where you admit where you admit is
that you also told a follower of mine
that I am an abuser and that follower
mine comes from witnesses with your email and me
I have a copy of the email and they call me
abuser is worth it
and you recognize that in a live show and you
I have value and that's not all I have
witnesses of Johann's video 31
insults counted is that I have
witnesses who would come as witnesses because
you in your group the telegraph also more
called an abuser on several occasions
and he said that I am an abuser and that
I should be condemned for abuse
and I have that and I have witnesses and now
at the end of your sights
station planner that tells things to the
face that at the moment you see the one that
He has on top of me, I didn't mention it, I didn't
He mentioned it, he did not give his name, the director
not only the whites in the trill so that
make it clear who is calling
abuser see here tell me here
you know what's wrong with you, really flat
you know what's wrong with you
Go out where it happens and don't be a coward
Look what happens to you, it has to happen when
someone lets you down when someone lets you down
leaves bad in any nonsense is because
here when he was abusing me
I wouldn't have made you 40 or 50 videos.
made two or three if anything
in fact this tweet where he calls me
abuser is before wine see why
In the gay novel this tweet appears
and you knew that direct because
little by little, little by little, to begin our
controversy was already calling me
abuser and you've done it a lot
sometimes I am considered an abuser
very well tied and I will get to you
will arrive
Everything about Marta is very good.
tied has been saying it in a lot of
sites since that is what happens to you, do
flat that when someone leaves you badly
The only way I will accept a debate is
before a judge because yesterday he is going to
losing debate or that's what happens to you
great flat is that when someone tells you
leaves bad
paranoia with someone then jonas with
someone
you try to attack him and hurt him with what
that can hurt you the most and you try
call people things that most
It may hurt you, okay? Al Adha las
those insinuations that everyone
understands perfectly what you are carrying
trying to call has given the fairy
for many months now dallas has
you posted a tweet saying there is none left
will have the girls who ask you for photos
ok trying
insinuating pedophilia is fine and all that
That's what happens to you, every time you
you become obsessed with someone you try to go to
call him what can hurt him the most
and it is brought from the hands it is brought from the
hand with me you have held hands and you
has made a whole bomb that is you
exploding in your hands and now it is
going through a bad time because he doesn't have to
where to grab it has no reason to do so
villas everywhere you go
report let's go let's go I want to see
how to explain this in court and how
you explain that this is not about me when
I have people from your telegram
Okay, when on your big TV there were a hundred
and peak of people when it was dangerous
to those you said in front of hundreds of
people in front of more than 100 people
you said that I had to be owed
convict for abuse
On several occasions you said I have
I have witnesses who were on your TV in
your telegram I have witnesses that it is the
a follower of mine that you sent an email to
ok I have
I'm going to love live tweets as much as
apply a judge who assists them
cyberbullying because you called
abuser and now so responded and so
exposed control yourself for the next one
time and especially if you are such a doctor
because I achieved it, there is no need to say it.
I have not said it, I have said it in
egg [ __ ] egg that is 40 years old
Joan Plana, 40 years old, uncle, I'm much older
young man, you are worth even if you appear 20
years less or more even if it appears 20 years
I am 5 years younger than you.
less than you but when I tell him the
things someone I am able to tell you in
the face and then I don't say I haven't said it
Okay, I've actually told you if I've told you this.
said is worth it
This is what I told you
This is why these cowards are a man.
I have already told you that what is happening to you is that
you get hot you get hot you try to go to
do as much damage as possible
possible damage and you did not expect this
It's going to turn out so bad for you, but oh well
report it, you are not even at fault
report it if we are going to see each other before
I'm sure we'll see each other before then.
I mean, it's mind-blowing, not in that
Javi never appears directly
Oliveira, let's see what else he says.
treatment of a thug not only has it
with me who exposes his lies
contradictions and attitudes of ally
expressed that in the worst of the
followers the four followers who
They are dancing the water they know
perfectly yes since nothing matters
He said that and he told me they know about this
perfectly
is that he also behaves with a
authentic Pablo Iglesias saying you
humiliately silence a woman
which he was clearly referring to
evidently to the wild boar beira and called and
I'm calling Pablo Iglesias
Javier is accusing Pablo excessively
He only has the thug treatment with
With his wife I'm not calling her Pablo
church I'm not calling abuser
I'm going live.
I say the other day I saw a YouTube that
He tells his wife your street
That's an abuser, I don't know how much.
and click a click a click a click
ours on my channel that we will see how
we are making it up is that go
abuser, what a nerve, dude, that's it
that he believes that this makes him well
think it's a series or the whole thing
world knows
Let's see, guys, you have to understand that
the day of how ten couples who say
exactly is you shut up because it is a
a very common expression then like
Most couples say that can be
any
and it also appears on YouTube and that's something
the intention of the corn nest when it gives
for someone trying to tell you things it is not
refuting that the arguments as not
he knows he doesn't know this he doesn't do this he has
He has come super big, he doesn't know this.
manage to know then he tries
telling you things that hurt you the most
possible okay with HIV he messes with the
girlfriend has has I don't know how much you
you dedicate to the girlfriend
to try to attack the homelands and
tries to attack people to stop him
donate
adri telling him not to shower that a
filthy stinker I don't know what to give him
Those who are left will have your girls
No, and with my wife it's fine for me.
trying to call but of course it's not
able to say if I have supported it to you
said and I have told you this is not why
able to come here to the street always
I've told you and I've told you for this
No, he says it in his live broadcast later just in case
Is there anyone who is not clear that
He is calling me an abuser and that
your abused one posts a tweet
clarifying what they are for
followers those who come and those who
go out there knowing and creating the
shadow of a doubt that I am a
abuser okay and I'm in the mood to vote
It came out clear and it will turn out worse for you
is openly accusing publicly
Javi frees himself from the fact that it is a lie.
It's mind-blowing that they lie like that.
so blatantly is that the complaint is
will swallow is that it is a lie in me
Imagine suing Adri for that.
no time the call to hai oliveira
abuser at no time is that
even and even in the live this one that
puts notice that I say his wife is your
cadet and that is not a couple it is a
toxic relationship, abusive relationship
I'm not calling anyone an abuser
I say that this type of relationship is a
toxic relationship of abuse I have spoken
said that someone has abused Vale
who has not said a word of abuser
is to see x we are stupid we are not to the
joan plana's height he hasn't said that
He doesn't call me an abuser, he said that
My wife and I have a relationship
abuse
He hasn't called me an abuser, hey, don't you
He said that they are wet that he has
said that you are thrown into the water
Hey, didn't the thief tell you that he has
said that he stole a candy from her
the store
This is what it seems to me
surreal, I mean, this is real, look
that he is slandering me and a slander
of the strong
but he is explaining everything
the judged
you do not have to worry about the
I think you are both abusers
abused uncles
what does that mean
to
no ...
He said that I steal a car
it's mind-blowing
This argument calls me an abuser
and now you deny it
because you are not able to come here if it is
called for this of the things that I have
said whenever I want it to come I'll tell it to you
doesn't come to any
look at the song, that is, it is true
It's mind-blowing to call this a lie
They keep repeating it, it's going to fall on them
be mind-blowing, have flaws and drugs
let's continue this is very strong too
They invent many things related to
I didn't see this, just said here too
that has not said it, these traffickers are already
crazy something that already does is
trying to create a monster is worth from
a person the bullies do this
create a monster a person to make
believe that she is bad and such and that she needs
that it is read that he is leaving that he is
I don't know, don't follow that it is that it is
what did you do with tries
become HIV positive
in front of
toxic from abuse but not really
It's mind-blowing to call this a lie
They keep repeating it, it's going to fall on them or
if it doesn't stop here it's mind-blowing
crimes and drugs let's continue
They invent many related things
with the topic this is crazy something
What he does is try to create a monster
It is worth from one person to the bullies
They do this by creating a monster out of a person.
to make people believe that she is bad and such and such
needs to be read, that it is gone, that
that it is not known, it is not followed that it is followed
believes
let's see if the literal words that
just said bullies do this
and try to create a monster out of one
person for people to beat him up and
don't follow him and blah blah blah blah
what were you trying to do with
each one of us already in plan to do it
that he has been trying to do for a year
that you said you were going to criticize them p3 of
HIV and that you were going to criticize the source
income of whoever you want
and a series about HIV on your channel
trying to create an HIV monster
what are you trying to do when you put on
to say that this YouTube group
some have criminal records
with weapons and drugs and who take ccoo
and we take cocaine and what
This argument that was supposed to be
against us
This argument is supposed to tell us
described us
but you the thief in the end that one that I
call better
He says that what bullies do is
invent a monster out of people
so that people despise them as such
says after having made a video
saying that I have defended the
aggressors of that boy and that I call him
Hitler to the child in neurotic no but it is
that you know where he gets the argument from
This is the argument that the
aggressors that he does not think the things that
He's saying, damn, they're asking for salad, stop for a moment.
He thinks a little about them and then lets them go.
because they can turn against you
This is the time of the aggressors
They try to do this, he has taken it from a
tweet from the same man who has previously taken
the book has not been put before you have seen
who has put a book saying the book
I don't remember waiting for you at the exit
as life then this argument ends
to let go he has taken it from that same
man, that is to say, at this moment he begins to
retweet things from that man as if
that man reading would prove him right or
I don't know what you're trying to convey
with that you know but this argument has it
taken from a tweet from that man and I
agreement because I once
retweet that's worth it, that's that man
He is a man who fights against the
child abuse and the like
Okay
and I support him in his cause in fact in
Twitter mentions him a lot but
but he shares it with you and stuff like that
as if to compare himself with him
you know something very crazy okay but he
He got that argument from a tweet.
yours who is crushing that person
because he is very bad he is a monster no
just as it does against many
other people this happens too
school act is what they do
stalkers okay and all they do is
creating a bunch of lies is all
lie all lie because what they
What he likes is to humiliate people and that is what
that they are trying to do, or rather, he tells you
to the fairy the things that she says to me
called an abuser on several occasions
in case the first one hasn't caught on, praises
You repeat what you see here, tampons to one thing
at least if he had said it in the
right that will be able to say it
direct but good no no but when it
He says in the live show you put it in two
tweets you put the clip so that it stays
clear who you are referring to with
abuser, go to your big TV and
He also says that I am an abuser and
that they should condemn me you go to a
email from a follower of mine, you too
you intend for people to
think I'm an abuser
women
but now later
He says that what he is saying is a lie
It's a lie about the fairy
if he is saying that it is a lie
the thing about nothing when the debate was about
that
well and they get it and they get it now
They are destroying my image.
seeing people who simply image it
you have destroyed it yourself
We have responded to your attacks
For saying Joan I like him they start to
drop all the lies they say is
that is nonsense is nonsense
but when it was with a TV it didn't seem like it
bad okay Joan Plana I remember you
I remember you did that with a theme
In fact, if a journalist is
I happened to interview someone with HIV
look at this look at this is what you
You mean that they do to you that they are going to
people who say I like it already on flat to
tell him that it is bad or that this is not what it is
you are doing here no
She has become a journalist who is invited
to a chat last white whole and
You come to tell him not to trust HIV.
you are describing the same thing that you do
no even if you do it and it's okay there is no
a plan to setbal have played
to explain that you do the same
yang everything you say you do
everything you say you do
all
look, it's more to that journalist, look what
you told me later
as it doesn't turn out well as it doesn't turn out well
well tried to ask him
You tried to ask him not to cooperate with
a topic that would not invite him to talks and
how and how it doesn't work for you
Well in fact I think that with this
journalist in fact what I try to do
that this journalist was very unfortunate
invited aute vh vale to a talk and
then he took a video and started to
also mention this journalist to
see if they invited him too and how
It didn't come out because suddenly look
the journalist doing what seems
oral sex in front of everyone
great plan life of HIV in a video
took an article from this journalist
in a column and then flattened it did the same
same in a video and then it already has
I'm pissed off because he'll invite auto bh to him no and
So now you're having sex with him.
oral
that is, first attempt
that they will not invite HIV then tried
mention her in his videos like him
went out to eat well
wise men in whom the debate was only
about those tweets in general that he posted is
that the tweet that I read in the debate is
exactly the one he would take out in his video
The one who says it wasn't for me is the one
that I read in the debate, that is to say that
balls
Let's go with denying that that was going on
so we've been here
speaking in many live readings
subscribe that it all started for that reason
really his problem with me was because
I did not take a stand with him any longer.
that he told her that salty thing
and it turns out that that didn't happen
It's incredible, I mean, but what I'm telling you
whether he thinks it is a good idea to use
This is some argument that you are using
He thinks that was an idea for them
YouTubers, in addition to snorting cocaine until
eyebrows make get-togethers to drink
acid also have crimes against
public health and even armed robbery
You're making thugs famous
hypocritical liars who hate each other
but they join for the money or
trying this is going to get expensive
but we all know that this is
true but he has it makes these faces
to make people believe that what I say is
nonsense to force who we are
honest Johann forward demonstrates
Any such accusation is
impressive without evidence obviously
without knowing anything, everything is fed that other
It is a lie that there is something more than that
it's always that it's impressive
what element everything says seems to me the
I myself have the nerve, I myself have
woke up a youtuber because the guy
He had fallen asleep because he had
been up all night on mushrooms
hallucinogens
I myself logically tell you yours
I cannot show lies to lies
show me the evidence that it
what you say is true
logically you can't come here he tells me
stressed drugs and such because you are
making a list of secrets
Thank you very much for the super char Joan
mind-blowing, also the crime
etc.
There is one YouTuber in particular that I know of.
perfectly well that he has a crime of
Arno I have never said who they are but yes
There are many YouTubers on YouTube, okay?
many and there is one who has a crime of
normal robbery weapon knife but
you said who but he said it's from
we or rather makes a video dedicated to
We're okay with it and this makes your hair fall out
Seriously from here, he's very hairy, that is, you're not
you said there is a youtube in a video in
the one who wasn't speaking specifically
It's not in a video that you upload to watch, yes no
You upload a video on October 22nd
that today they have hidden that video because
what will it be
but you upload a video on October 22nd
which is hidden but I don't have the
link is the certificate that video has
almost 23 thousand visits and you say that in
our YouTube group
this video is worth it
would this not be
These YouTubers aren't actually people.
many of these YouTube references
They are people I know several where what
do is snort cocaine up to their eyebrows in
do acid parties you are not here
is not referring to the community of
YouTube in general also says it comes back
to be like the abuser salt or the
coca and the and the meetings have been and the thing about
the weapons that there is a youtube that has
A background check for having a weapon is worth it
They make two videos and I have them here in two
videos
and those videos are directed at us
in plan to
I mean, you can't just take it and say like that.
what he is saying is a lie it is not like
that I make a video here talking about
youtube and say oh well youtuber what
They are trying and Andorra and they have not
been able to enter youtuber who have a
red car
I'm talking general no no no you do
a video addressed to us and you say
Among these YouTubers, some get involved
cocaine and they have and have weapons crimes
reviewed great that for some reason you have it in
I hide the video
What is the name of his video where he says
Well then Karime, that's what I told you.
11 was a live that I think is
eliminated
but I have it downloaded there and another one is
October 22 and they have it hidden
ok but can you find the link
easily as easily as searching
the title on twitter to a person who
Alain Vale's beech has put it in
hidden because the collage is very serious or
it is not like it is not like I was
talking about youtube and I said that
some give us some steal I have done
that some don't [ __ ] I haven't said that
some no no no it's a video aimed at
us and saying that of us
some of us do cocaine and have
background of hands anyway
You're going to have to try this, Joan.
flat and it's no use to me, it's true no no
no no you can't [ __ ] on youtube and
decide that is not that I think that is not it
can say although they had to have
evidence
I mean, I know YouTubers who have
criminal record and I can't say it
unless it is made public in a
news or that the sentence is public
but even if he has proof
can't do that
You understand me, it is very serious.
I think this guy doesn't realize it.
of the gravity of the sum of all or
They are slanderous defamations, then there is a
crime apart from the one the other day
published at the level that now wants that
published excerpts of my video as before
that I uploaded the video is fine and apart from that
about that he to me on WhatsApp to me on
WhatsApp and I have this here and I have it
thought about me too on WhatsApp he told me
He sent an audio from VTV H
from a group of HIV followers in
The fact that he was not a participant is a crime.
literally, consult your lawyer if
It is true or false to share an audio or
a screenshot of a chat in which no
you are a participant it is a crime
and he sent me
and you will hear from him
He sent me an audio
from private vh but it is no longer my
I don't need to have a scheme either
that putting the guas or anything is to look
this looks
You Valentina imagine you know him
dallas theme no
and you imagine
that suddenly you imagine that
Suddenly, an audio of Wish Michu is leaked.
defaming dallas in a group of more than
100 people
Do you think Wish Michu should be defended?
or to Dallas that shows that audio where
they are defaming
They are cells
that audio that he sends to me and
I have here that denies them hatred in
flat or anything but give me permission to
I published it, I deny it, Joan Plana denies it to me.
He sent me an audio about HIV from a group
in which he is not a participant and that is
crime
Logically I can't just take it and say look
This is so etc for legal reasons and if
It's just amazing and it always has to be
will make us, well, I don't know if he is aware of it.
legally everything that is legally
may come as condemned if not
You have proof, of course I have it.
yes or same woke up on youtube because
had been taking drugs
last night what the [ __ ] I have no proof
This scoundrel is really a scoundrel
mind-blowing is mind-blowing how they try
make believe that everything he says is true
lie when they are the ones who are
lying is what we see is
impressive as he wants to make you believe
people who think everything is a lie when they are
They are the ones who are lying on the bench now
with the first lie about the live show
great movie but what a thick skin, man what
tougher face trying or rather they are
attacking my image my work because
this
These are a fight, a fight of ideas in
what a moment this is a fight of ideas
This is killing a person
simply because it pisses you off that I say it
Are you really trying to run away from one?
person with a group of people
you have joined forces to try to get rid of
a person who is me because I say it
TRUE
because I don't hang out with his wife
gangs tried it with no one and I didn't
callus of the things that are done
That's the end, you don't go with his gang.
in flat then the grab bag the
Galician placing the thumb and this
people with whom I now live them
They are the people I have to put up with.
This toxicity after they use their
followers next now is when
Hitler calls
where the people who come to the chat come from
to be missed because the video he made
This person has done 1,833 minutes
with all these lies in that video
get out of that toxicity
My community, my audience, doesn't usually do
That's some work but it's not usually done
because if I see it I'll remove it and block it
but these people
look at Karime's photo and her friend says
Mickey da Vinci's A Lady Showing
a semi-naked image to the world
sorry but etc etc
you just have to see your avatar to know
understand the reason for his defense
I inform you that this is our place
continue walking three blocks down
where wealthy gentlemen do not
will hesitate to hire your services this
It is the most secular saying Mickey da Vinci
vouchers that he gave to the girlfriend of the
girlfriend of you who were better
It's still worth it here, look what I have left
vice this javier hybrid five minors
YouTuber Javier Veiga is accused of five
minors from the city of Seville between
5 and 12 years old have accused such and composing
A fake news is worth as if I were
a pedophile and he does it, he takes it away from me and if it's worth it
Here you have it, ok
This man is reported by Mickey Da
vinci is that you know life admits is the
pederast okay
Miki da Vinci is fine
but twitter joan plana saying that the
supports me that da vinci that my uncle
surpassed in fact people are not people
feed it and you will see it because the tests
how they feed them so that they come to
do these things
internet and one thing you realize
When you grow up here on YouTube one thing
that you realize and I also think that in
twitter when you realize you have
a lot of audience that a great great
Some of them are very toxic fanatic people
totally fanaticized that is going to attack
any other because that's what they live off of
frustrated people who say what he says
YouTube chooses that and they do it against it
These people are very beastly and this has
that it has to stop but this
people feed it from the video I made
where he showed how they fueled the harassment
where I talked about bullying
very serious issue that no one talks about
Nobody has brought up this topic, but then
You'll see, people told me thank you for
bring up the damn issue of the affected people
that the biennial had harassed him
they had been bullying the school
video was bullying the video was
to throw [ __ ] at Vicky
the video was not with his school here everything
I think we have to deal with the issue of
Barcelona boy who is also being bullied
is then out of school is not
only there we are seeing it but this
people don't care at all because
These people are inciting these things
You heard it, there were ten people
against one in this video that says where
I was explaining how I was they were
using bullying to laugh at harassment
explained how Adri posted a tweet where
called Hitler to a person who was
attacking ten people and laughing at the
bullying and had put it just when
the attacks had happened
autistic who had been attacked
for ten people exactly this
week is worth attention
no one with empathy and intelligence
would dare to erase a misfortune
like this one but this youtube seems to be
If you leave that said it seems that if I have
said that it is so, that seems to you
he has said it seems that yes
It's that we are stupid and we don't understand
Joan Pla Native he has not said that I
that he has not said that today he laughs at the
child and that supports his bullying has said
that seems so
then I wonder
If you said it looks like Joan Plana, if you
you said it seems
because later in the video you
You start saying Adri, you stink.
it's incredible things
Yes, because it coincides with the fact that
made this tweet just as I did
autistic
adri with thousands of followers is not
a better idea came up days later
post this tweet
watch out damn it all of Europe is attacking me
10 against 1 is not fair, they bully me
Hitler said
It's huge, right? It's amazing.
person reads to be a little bit more
minimum context of all this knows what
what he did was mind-blowing with this video
perfectly for what this was intended for
tweet he knows perfectly well why
I'm saying this but you know
perfectly president who is
Calling Hitler, let's see people.
Well, he seeks to do harm if you go to them
comments of this sea sought to make
damage, meaning that I was looking to do damage.
This guy, who you will see later, says that
There he tweets for me, he's calling me
Hitler to me and says that I seek to do
damage
Now that Twitter is covering it up
ok look read that tweet please
read that study please
but I'm going to put you, I'm going to put you the
background audio is fine to put in
the comments were intended to cause harm or
It may be that I liked to do harm in this
Uncle, you will see it later, says that there it is
tweets to me he's calling me hitler
me and says that I seek to do harm that I
I'm looking to do some damage, Adrian, please.
This guy called me Hitler and I'm the one
who is looking to do harm but you
What are you doing? What are you doing? You have adapted me.
Uncle has jumped on me now, my goodness,
has jumped uncle we will see each other in the
judged is that I'm fed up with tweets or the
results of all the time
I already really I I already
I already have Joan, yours, really, we'll see each other.
the courts in the courts please
Please record it.
because you go like this until it's going to be like a
debate like the one I saw when
Mega Mario comes and that thing, that is, in
Serious
Seriously, I'm like
From what I tell you I believe that this
man does not remember all things
that tells us that it is put
At this I don't know whether to laugh or cry.
crying with laughter face crying with laughter
woman with her hand on her forehead me but
like like how did you come up with it dude
I feel sorry all the time everyone
understand is that look is that he himself
has made his community understand that
when he says that when he goes to hitler
someone is calling me
saying that everyone understands that
They are flat, do you notice the madness of the
crazy that this guy is telling you this
as if it were something good or they tell you about
the madness that is this that is not given
realize that they are harassing is that it is
very crazy ah well they call him Joan Planas
that turning the shadow is called Hitler no
I welcome knot of course yes I am stupid
agile medicine eggs and now Joan
flat also Vitti motor was already there
He declared that I did not help Hitler xddddd but
Let's see if I can find out something here.
large flat
Let's see that obviously in one thing here
big news is saying that he was
aware that the tweet was for him
and not for the child
I ask without malice
I'm saying that he knows what he's doing.
that the tweet was for him and not for him
boy please tell me no
but in a plan like that only of his story then
you obviously think
It is so crazy that Joan Plana
understands perfectly well that this is not
That's so crazy that because I
I would say something like that, they have sense that I
good question because when when this
because then it is said that those of
youtubers from when he made a video of
four hours with a few days of YouTubers
against me where I felt misogynistic
They gave everything and he himself said that
They were laughing at me but I didn't
I left this and this happened months ago
because now Adri just a week later
where there is an autistic person who has been given a
beating 10 people he decided to do
I don't know why this tweet now after
of so many months
but it doesn't matter because whether it's now
as if it wasn't now that tweet is [ __ ]
whether you say it to me or you say it to me
from anyone else you are using
bullying to laugh and you are giving or
you are doing what then happens that
People come here and you have used the child
to the one who hits it to pull [ __ ]
Adrian
Okay
to insult for not having used has used
the thing about the kid to throw [ __ ] at Adri
Imagine if Adriano had answered
There would be people who would have stayed with
the thing of every day put be you and for him
boy be like balls uncle like balls or
either because we did not invent ourselves
nothing extra we put everything we put in
It is what there is, what you beiramar
we put them here check if it cost ok
What he doesn't realize is that what is going
for him it is 10 against one, not Hitler is
that the ridiculous
because he is teaching with that tweet
talk about the present autistic child who yes and
that he calls him Hitler and such obviously
What I'm saying is that if you have
insulted a person by another person
another person your person has been
person by person insulting everyone
YouTube El Chayo insulted all YouTube
as you saw at the beginning of the live
the wagon you are missing is the 3 that now
enjoyed well flat are people who
They insulted me and then I insulted them.
insulted back logically I do not
I'm going to keep quiet but it's the others who are
They insult me first, he got involved himself
with me first at no time have I
I did nothing, Adri, then it was later
from that video that made more videos I don't
He said nothing, I didn't make any video of him.
until I got tired and made a mockery of
a video chat but what is this one?
He has messed with me several times
harassing moms for months on Twitter, he doesn't stop
to change the things that I say about
decontextualize what you are saying to me
telling that thing has been stalking me
several months now and has ended with this
I'll take this video to you now.
judge on trial
and in this video I'll bring it to you
that this trial is already very good
video, that is, I'll bring this video to you
I don't like the thumbnail, so this one is fine.
I already have the video on trial and it says
Judge Adrian, why have you done this to him?
video to this poor man and says adri
Well, look
I've done it to him
because Manchester
[Laughs]
imagine a trial
If I have been harassing them for months without him
tell me nothing but this twitter that I
insults in six different ways is
August 2010 5 exactly if this
tweet this tweet we've already seen it
a lot of times it is worth it in the one that there is
six insults in the same tweet are worth it
It's in the same tweet 6 insult
scavenger miserable piece of [ __ ]
aspirated this had from 2019 to 8
2019 if a plan is true surely you
you have never said anything, I would say the truth
You're fed up with this point, harassment, damn it
obviously clear now she
when the tone rises already for the country
night night we will not defend ourselves from you
defend you from me, I from you
I have to defend myself
damn you don't stop you don't stop what did I come for
that tweet has to come tweet
calling me Hitler
What was I coming for if I hadn't told you anything?
more for the JCE not for what if you don't
You realize how much I want to
sit down, incoming idea, before the judge
so that you pay for what you are doing
you have to pay for what you are doing
obviously clear that it does not
there is a plan to the truth sincerely
base that does not happen that no sincerely
because the truth is that we have enjoyed it
You are worth much more to us than him
The result has been bad for you, calm down
Joan Plana may lose such material in
flat vale
calm down because you don't get like that
does that make you right or anything
Okay
So the result has come out
negative for you because it has become worse
and people are not supporting you look at you
look at what you have done if you have done it
We are demonstrating with you and check it out
with everything you want, don't give it to me
put it like that and I cried all the blame on myself
the first video I made for you in the first
I told you straight
Don't insult me, Johann, leave me alone.
has tired a tired kitten but
You're not going to tire me out and you're not going to give me any
I'm not afraid of the courts, I'm not afraid of them
try to intimidate me all the time
videos that you make me every time you
defame me and all those who are going to you
I'm going to deny you and so on.
we are still in August in January
Entering February and you are still here
being a pain in the ass and we've been going on for so long, I don't know
how many months have I been here?
That is why we will have to respond
Now I made this video because
we will have to relate this video
whenever you want for flat motion and no longer
I say it, you apologize to me for
having called me an abuser and I remove
all the videos you ask me for
secondary channel for live shows and such
It's game over not because they are a
totally legitimate criticism a piece of
work that says research and
compilation and editing and as you said
that criticism has no quota and so on
Well, no, but if you want, if you
Do you want to ask me for forgiveness for having
called abuser and not abuser
if not all the insults he has made me
that you told me I deserve
any disease when you know that
I'm sick of Chrome, okay, you ask me.
Apologies for the nonsense I said
and I explain this video to you
offends and I remove them and we do not return
to mention the equally flat life to see if
There is some life theme in some controversy
The idea is valid, but we're done with this topic.
what you want us you want
trampling is above us
earn what you like cattle and that is not
It's going to happen to you, it's not going to happen to you, yes
Yes, that is what he intends and that is why he is here
so bad
get it out of your head
get that out of your flat head
take it out
and I want to go to the
courts and for gays to pay for
that
So it's like I'm eating myself
fighting with someone someone makes me look bad
and how it leaves me very bad, very bad, very bad and
They devour us to replace them a little bit
I report it and you will pay because you will pay
that
what is there here that is saying would say that
be reportable
after all and much less after
everything he has said all of him
This man's logic is not the
Logic is sometimes I want to be oblivious to the
videos if someone can come follower
yours or fake that supports it and tells me
explain why I here what
I understand that he
What he wants is to be able to say no to everything
that you want and create an image of
we who are monsters
but we do not answer them
no that's what he wants no if it's not
harassment no
Clair invaded country after country after country
country one other other other what happened next
because the countries united
they allied to go against the clearing
Obviously that's why I'm Hitler, not because
According to him, I have attacked and invaded or not.
I invaded you when I did not
done nothing when we did it
welcome them against me but you of
what are you going to look look if the invaders you
look what it says here you have it achievement
unlocked they are flat has blocked me
from WhatsApp the place that was left
I have more blockages than you do.
You know and laugh, the merit belongs to this one
video here proves that I have been
blocking not been attacking and much
less like Hitler
but if this video and flatten relax a bit
little that one is looking at you
so I've made you have been
blocking but if he blocks her today
Joan Plana was blocking her today
asking for a debate, that is, he is not with you
asking for a debate today at noon
by WhatsApp when in the debates there is no
They like them because that is harassment, okay, but
I blocked her today, what are you saying?
lamp that this shows that you have
been blocking
Here I understand the papers no no no
no, the senses are not saying anything
but you that I go and here look
how he laughs this is harassment man this is
gives us
This harassment
he has gone to ask for a debate
by WhatsApp and Adri it is said that today
at noon I couldn't that at night
and you started to put yourself and say
that you are not knowing the people
I don't know that when you are the owner of the
people let's go with you know it and these are
things
We make a video, we try to get a
tweet that he was laughing at the one who was
was messing with the kid who
They had hit you, he answers denying
tea
and that thing
I'm just trying to grasp the logic.
I really say it in a bad way
Man, he blocks me so I don't get
defend me because he attacks me from all sides
sides attacked by twitter by two
Videos on Telegram for I don't know what
rogues to him completely cut the
communication with me now I can't
never say anything has already been done I am
blocked because he argued in his face
Obviously I can't defend myself with drugs
saying in the comments
Of course this has to do with the
ridiculous but the still way the block
Alava okay, I don't have it blocked and
He also often brings up some term
okay but it's that al adha
the da has blocked him
and he goes to the fairy's twitter to [ __ ]
a video of her dancing
or you go to the other's answers and
gives it to tell her that maybe
delete some photos because they don't sell
lots of clothes to sell
realize that you are doing this before
your audience among thousands of
people who receive it but then
has received another person that we have not
state that is not stable which is a
person who will be depressed or whatever
You're going to do these things and it's going to be worth it.
that what will reach another person
that is not stable is to be destroyed
Not with me, I'm taking you to court, damn it.
I'm going to invest money and give you a new trial.
why do you pay, damn it, and what is this?
passes to no one else
but why something pay can make you
videos that reviews do not have a quota
or I don't understand if you have videos
saying that criticism has no
quota which is what the
complaint
What we have answered to both of you is that
I don't understand
I think he is interpreting because he
wants to make it look he wants to make it look
like it's a day or something like that and he
wants to feel identified with dada no and
I think I've done it
in his mind he is being the role of
trying to interpret Asia when the
game was lost in the image debate or
I don't know what about the complaint, but the one who
dallas when you report if you have the
Joan's reason, you can't go telling him about it.
everyone answers you the same way
four nonsense because things are
responded to you are not at the level of the
that you said that with weights or rather with
Adif have responded to things that you have
said but the answer that you
have done is not at the level of the
things that you have said first that you are going to
report that you are looking bad
you are losing followers because because
the mess
you have believed
That is to say, he knows perfectly well
that the tute was going to Havana and
now clearly indicates the effect of the
agile I do first the important thing is
It is worth noting that Hitler attacked first.
I have a lot of people and that's why a lot of people
he defended himself
For Hitler, there is no lie when it ends.
made uncle by active less missing ten
minutes there come down more
lying because it's you who is lying to me
attacking you stink adri you stink but not
for not showering but for making fun of the
bullying in front of thousands of birds
Let's see if I realize one thing.
video title
The title of the video is seven
lies of freedom from whatever arises and
Now he's going to put the lie 8 already flat
who do not tell the truth nor the title of
your videos
You already lie even in your [ __ ] mouth
title of your video is a lie 8
you suck and the title of the video but I
I think we were going to finish at 7
lies of freedom from whatever arises
because you're going to sneak an eighth in here
It is not clear whether Joan Plana is from
truth think first the things that are going to
say or think really think
first what you are going to say and think about it
what are you going to do and why isn't it working for you?
I have nothing, there is not a thing that
be logical here
so while it is in the title of the
video
low
I'm not serious
I think this man in a debate
would look terrible and I think in court
also
I'm leaving YouTube, let's see the lie
being because it is you who is me
attacking would be you suck but not because you don't
shower but for making fun of bullying
It's very good, okay, it's very good
because he
after calling her adri kapetanos I know
I don't know how much the video says
You stink, but not because you don't shower, but because
bullying I don't know how much
Don't tell me that I'm also in it now
don't tell me directly that it starts
cry on live television
because that's the one I have your dream laughing
from me because I cried for the author
Don't tell me you're going to end up crying.
because thousands of people calling Hitler
to the victims
you stink but it turns out he was calling me
sectarian leader on Twitter is worth a thousand
calls sectarian leader then says that
He insults him like that suddenly, because if you insult me
Call me too, I have a sect
Johann really has a lot of bs
everything that stalking says
everything they do they do
tweet and say I'm a leader
sectarian did this constantly
Barrio Nuevo months with tweets from this guy
changing things up, he took a tweet of mine
I would change it and suddenly I would receive a
a lot of people insulted me and today
I've seen how it happened and this guy had
picked up a tweet of mine and had given it to him
He turned around and said something that I didn't say.
in the folder many alone but already
the sauces do not believe that when I put
Here in the folder I'm going to put a lot of junk
shot made or anything like that
that man
Adrian
get your tweets
so that you look like
that you said things
who didn't really say no
I don't know what that sounds like to me but
not at all, I really do
It's true, it's very bad for Adri if he does that.
It's Adris and she's watching the live stream.
you take tweets from others and take them out
context is worth throwing [ __ ] at
Adrian Malo
you did very badly, okay adri
I hope he didn't do that in Cadiz
and so on, constantly, to see what you tell me
let's see
the simile is going to insult or not go, I don't know
is reviewing what he claims he does have
It makes a lot of sense to call you Hitler
I think he has realized his bias
with the boy and uses you as a distraction
Johann's strength, thank you very much.
Thank you, if indeed nothing happens, I
can call Hitler is that light and it is
hallucinatory
I feel like I'm really pissed off but I'm wearing
enduring this for months, he raised enduring it
I've been fed up with this for months
This week I'm checking to see if it's in these
workers because you don't get what you want
do you want me
and you know what I'm telling you like this
and you're watching me because you'll be watching
I don't know if it will be live now
knowing that he will surely be here and
You know what I'm saying as it is
He's fed up because you can't do it
what others wanted if I had it came out
as he had look help if you had
came out as you wanted if you
would have turned out to be lost in all
the homeland is worth it for everyone
I would have said of all of them that all of them
together he would have let me follow him
Okay, if you had to make all this okay
it wouldn't be like this
for single YouTube videos 60 videos
that some of them last for hours and I'm
minute by minute every time they defame that
they insult etc.
Well, I feel bad because that is what you have
hired the lawyer you say that
He does it, you don't have to do it, let's go
charge a lot of money for that, I don't eat that
that you are doing it you no longer have a
lawyer but this way you are already
wasting time on that seriously
I mean, you're seriously wasting your time.
in that
I think that in fact these phrases have
taken from some live I am
wasting time putting this
complaint when he could be with someone else
I have said this before
direct is not that it is inspired much in
us
will resume no matter if you put yourself
to look for a lot of my live shows
Minute by minute you know what words
take it out of context because you already do it here
we are already seeing so what do you do, don't you
you will serve in a court you will arrive
to the court we are going to see the video and I
you say but it gives me a pin to pop here
look
look there
Okay, this is all lost, identified.
We also have an expert report and
I love watching your live shows while I do the
toilet
I'm glad to accompany you, okay, and it doesn't matter anymore.
It doesn't matter what you're looking for, let's see if
you take any of my words out of
context to say that this is
cyberbullying that I have sent to people
It doesn't matter, the court will come later.
explains and all that is sad everything more
put before me will not remove them
no one who is going to find in a live
mine that I in a minute have said that you
You're stupid, it doesn't matter, beyond abuser
any disease does not matter since it is
that I have made 50 videos, well, if that is the case
Criticism has no quotas if you
We'll go if it happens to me again tomorrow.
another live another live meat tomorrow
If you make another video tomorrow,
I will vote for another video tomorrow and so on until
you want now if you are the one who
You have in your hands when to stop
and we have said that he wants to review the
videos are losing their lives you are
wasting time you have already lost
credibility everyone to give an account of
the things he has done to us
I don't know if you're lost, followers 20
I don't know why I don't look at those.
it is important to see
and now you're wasting your time on
green all my live shows when already
you work seen because you see them here in
you are going to lose money directly and then
you are going to pay me the costs
I love reliable live shows while doing the
delicious it is, imagine, imagine the
day that he pays me the costs of which I
will pay the cost will start shouting again
once a live and again and will say that the
law does not work and just as the
feminists are clinging to a nail
It's wrong that they called it hot
Hitler but that's because he doesn't call her
video the least there is for him is that
He doesn't call her Hitler.
minute 40
Well, we have 10 minutes left until
Adrian
etc etc I can't make many videos that
I would like to do it because I am with this
[ __ ] but he has with this [ __ ]
hold on because he is obsessed because
If you have told us to stop and we
We would stop making glass
cultural battle taking place for months
let's see that one day he called me and
He said that he is a sectarian leader
etcetera I told him look you stink it's
youtube is bad and when you came to me
house stank if it's true came here and
It stank and we had to open the
windows
from above and reporting and that is to say, let's see
I would like to know one thing that
lawyer which lawyer do you recommend to this one
man who is supposed to put a
complaint which lawyer recommends that you
make these videos whether you are a lawyer or not
I did the other day directly from three or
four hours teaching all the
Chileans have put all the
information that has been made available to us
What lawyer do you recommend that you do?
video as the live stream ended
cutting my answer into another question
He couldn't stand it and that lawyer
recommends today that I make this video
screaming and saying that it stinks and that
had to open the window
and this was my answer to their
insults but hey I'm super bad because
When someone calls me sectarian duty
I tell him it stinks
Please no, no, for not showering, toad, no.
why don't you shower and such really?
Today here in the video I said you suck but
from the brain according to the subject this of the
bullying but I never said it wasn't
true what is above is saying here
exactly is good okay I have
invented all that stuff about you smelling bad
that we had to ventilate the house
I'm all bad at saying it on Twitter here
You are confessing that it was manipulated that
you were lying, I haven't confessed nor has he
I haven't even said I was manipulating
because it is true seen here it stank
I am here every time you have come
here it stinks you go you know what I think
what am I trying to do with that apeht thing
It sucks but not because when he said
nervous weights but not because of the child
As for bullying, you know what
I think your opinion is fine, you know what it is
what I think I'm trying to do with
that
What I'm trying to do with that is that the
people when adri said like that because
He messed with me, calling me captain.
that the people who follow him say now
But Joan Plana has other sayings
That's what he told you because of what he said
What are you doing? I think it went that way.
but it went wrong
that all says it for such a lie
and we opened them but you know why Adrian
He tells you this because of the lies and truth
Well, we open the window for you and when it says
The thing about frost or mine doesn't now say that
No, it's a lie that I wasn't going for it
us because he knows that what has happened to me
told me and what he said to the fairy
it is a crime
above all good I don't know which of the two
They are from Leigh, they are nothing and I could do it
we could sue him for the right to
honor
a civil lawsuit is easily worth it or
penal
Mine could be criminal for slander
also if I wanted to ok but these
things come to court and these things in
the moment they see that one and the other have
said this and the other has said here I don't know
that in the end says to go [ __ ] yourself
u2 green lose and suck the birds already
I know of cases on YouTube that have
said stronger things and then there
The judge gives you an hour to explain
things because it gives you an hour
and in the end he pays the costs of the one who has
filed the claim and it is not that he pays the
coasts that then end up worse because
That's why the flat shifts filed a lawsuit
and here we see what the judge does and I'm already
You have to be good if I don't sue you.
Jon Plana
do what you see, actualize what you
you want I can do this you don't have
Lawyer will tell you clearly what you want
bluffing now trying to intimidate
It is not there but at the moment you do not have
lawyer because not because a lawyer does not
tells you to do this or be a lawyer
The first thing he tells you when he goes for one
demand the first thing I would tell you would be no
you mention it more even if the other one tells you
provoke don't mention it anymore and you
They are mentioning without us provoking you
so you are not here right now
advised nothing you will have someone who
will be a jurist or will have studied or will have
worked in a buffet or farm
I don't know who asked on Twitter
md but you paying what a consultation
As a lawyer, let me tell you that I believe
no
and I told you a person who has the
bare ass
Given has recommended you to do all this
Well, Pancho, the one I have copied here.
clearly
laugh so that he goes to the adri
Please, real rial so that he leaves.
Don't send me more audio, please laugh haha
adri has been very good about that because
please go please go away from here and
Adri, you suck with that joke, you suck
joke
the windows and I have witnesses that
we had to open the windows because
It stank so you had to go somewhere else
room because it stinks go yes
understood your partner is not valid as a witness
I plague feel wheat your partner there is no
the one that will be giving at home to the
people with this topic but without
witnesses your partner they flat is not worth it
is not a valid witness
okay that's true that's true and I have
indirectly witnessed months of suffering
what is said is nothing
I'm calling you, I'm sorry, thanks
forgive me all of us who
studying the graces and dwarves you create
that by subscribing to the super char the
members writing it all down but
Forgive me but I want us to take three
hours and we're not done let's go let's go for
half of the live show
I'll leave it more or less, let's go
I finished reacting to the altar but now
we are going to put a comment on it and that's not it
but don't forgive me that I don't know
thanking you for your hanger there are two
members and that today you already know that always
I do it
but that's not because of your ideas
encourages his followers to defame me
and now is when he encourages his followers
to defame me in full-blown cyberbullying
you have on twitter or if you see on some
side to someone who is believing
anything any nonsense
you are on top of us or are you in the middle of us
premium already double the videos that I am showing you
leaving the description put to modest
because it is incredible, incredible,
your kind of cyberbullying outright
This man
what you bring if this man sees it
You see lying saying some of the
things he says on Twitter put it
some of the tests that we are showing you
data that was the same thing I said in your
Good morning, kids, the test is with the game.
over you have material for everything you need
says to someone I don't know what he's drinking here
You have the tweet where he says it
contrary that messes with the physique of
Someone takes here has the tri where you
Giordano says this here
That's not bullying or cyberbullying or anything.
but when you are in the attitude that
It's still like this, what you don't tell me
Damn, but Joan Plana isn't
tradition absolutely nothing he is
making his videos about politics is not
He doesn't mess with anyone, he never insults us.
He is saying over and over again that we should stop
and we don't stop pressing the case, I am that
it is not the case
What happens when they do these things?
These are some of the comments I receive on
this time I've been making this video Lazio
Today, better well, this video clarifies it there
all me in plans is a manipulator
That's what I'm telling you, manipulative.
when literally with is a video and
an answer to the question in another video
done this, let's watch the video
I'm going to see what video
I go to any video
in this video
Okay
the change is
Adrian's
answer answer now yes so much
they misinform, my friend
you deserve much more dislike stuck to
your whiny nonsense is your envy
then what generates your [ __ ] anger
just hahaha you're an idiot
frustrated about you Joan plan this before
It would be cool if they put this video of freedom
has not yet said any insults in
The comments have shown what
the only thing I see in this video is
bu they bully me but nobody loves me
bunim my mother loves me how pathetic
in fact this is the video of
presentation that has it as
presentation on your channel in the video
He takes out HIV in his presentation video.
flat automation the one that strong and then
the obsessions of this tremendous man
what I do is what I do and
and he starts saying that this is a video
video just the opposite in flat the
video from a year and a half ago no
I know when and there it is already saying that
everyone bullies him
Imagine this guy goes to the judge and
you have to show him the huge amount
of times we have asked him to park
park so we don't want to continue
talking about this that we don't want to continue
with the topic that I don't know what imagined a
judge who finds that amount of
times that said you know nurse I
I also obeyed things as they are and you
I say this as a person who has an ass
pela and ximo with these things of law
to honor and save me from judgments
who has had save me the trials
former YouTuber
a judge who really took a
Judgment, seeing everything, condemns Joan
flat okay I think it's more than obvious
who calls me an abuser next to me
another Adriana, Vicky, the other, the other
side of the motorcycle is fine
I think it is more than obvious that all the
videos that have been made on this channel
have been reacting to their controversies or
answering all things reality
if a judge were to look at everything
obviously we win and he pays and we don't
They condemn us to pay something because it is
evidently he has sent messages of
I'll tell you, he sent private messages
of a group of tall but great people
What's happening is that they remain flat for this reason?
demand
joana imaginary that puts that yes
We put the demand is that the
I want to give you clues about something that is going to happen
pass okay if we put one
demand with the specific things
check those things there is nothing to
talk until later, a condemned man, but
continued in the reporting pages and now
we started without looking back
back back back to be the same as
we do here in the live things that
go putting Joan flat thing that
we dismantle for plas plas plas plas
plas the flight that kills you is an hour
All of your judgment is here in Sant Feliu
at 11 in the morning and has children and
Hurry up, I have another one at 12
Joan is going to come out now to testify.
Javi is going to leave, nothing is going to leave
you HIV is going to come out my lawyer is going to be
each one will say his own, so to me
He said such and such to me, he told me what there is going to be
a few flat videos
enjoying it is going to see a video of ours
replied
and he's not going to tell me to go [ __ ] myself
from the plan to the entire coast and this
archived to the channel and so on and so forth
literally what I see here the most
Slander is serious if it is like this to me.
worth the insinuations on the winged side
Okay
whatever all the fuss gives you
He did tremendous things during these two years and
the fact that he sent
a private audio from the VH group in
where he was not a participant there he is
screwed up already flat there you have it screwed up
[ __ ] up and if there is a trial and that's it
medium and they are flat, you mess it up, you mess it up, man
Okay
and then here a super long text and
flat and edit the videos
That Catalan red swims very well
hardly ceases to attract attention and
cries like the poor thing
well there will be
you're really pissing me off now
because it's a lot of work and a lot of money
that I have to spend but I promise you
I can assure you that it is but I don't know what it is about
to pass will not pass through justice
you never know it's always death many
sometimes it depends on the judge
what is luck
Good luck children, people are talking about you who is going to
file a complaint or will you bet on him
red for black as with this it is
luck
are resolved what you want to wear
Joan Plana is sentenced to play against him
It doesn't work, I'm telling you now.
already before you and they are not leaving now
the things you have done
if it were
make me already
Because I already said that there will be a trial
but if this goes well I can assure you
that I'm going to be very comfortable and I'm going to
be very happy you were right
Good luck, Joan, blowing kisses
Thank you very much, I hope so.
all this time that I'm dedicating that
I can't dedicate myself to what I should
dedicate myself to the work that I like, not
they are wasting their time
losing I'm doing it for
defend myself from this harassment and when this
go well if it goes well to be well
inverted [ __ ] to be very good
invested because these people are
has to teach a lesson the first time
As a member, thank you for your content.
Javi, poor Joan, looks like Jesus Christ.
superstar with persecution disorder
of which he believes we are
pending on him or something bad and it is that no
We have not mentioned it for a while, it came out
the 31st and always with a video for
us on January 1st again then
when we went here to answer it,
video the guy was here live
putting the video in Oporto didn't work
This kid, I think that I think that already
This has gotten out of hand
known how to manage this and are you up to date or
be you realize we are at
other things yes to me this Joan Plana no
makes one more video about us and I don't
Don't you ever see errand boy on the news again? I won't.
I remember tomorrow guys those of
Andorra only in the room with the blonde thing
with the d auro with the axes but he
no he gets up at night he gets up
in the morning and at night it is room
with the topic because not the exit of how
I wanted it all I have is that I don't
It turned out the way he wanted, so I'm sorry.
I'll see that the path I was taking is not
It was the right one, they have to be given the
lesson and that this stops and that no one else
I can suffer this, I can do it myself
allow me to report these people and
I'm going to do it and then why are you
telling your followers to gild that
does not make ends meet I know that no
It may be that what happens is logical.
is already telling your followers
trying to make people feel sorry for him and he doesn't make it to the end
of the month is already boasting that you can
what are you going to spend the complaint on?
money I was saving to leave
Andorra
because you're going to have to pay the
coasts and I tell you about something like me
I have to bother spending money
I had Barcelona I don't know how many times
preliminary hearing I don't know what in that
I have no problem because I am
totally calm and super good
advised
I'm telling you now but since I have to
spend money and you're going there
pay for that [ __ ] that I get
the eggs when what you can do is
solve it here by coming here or
stopping as you want is fine as you go
spend money I guarantee you as you
You'll pay for holding things back
because it is that I send you an embargo is that
I have to send it sometime
that has already happened to me that calls based on
people who have reported me have
lost the coastal sentence
and to spend time and he didn't pay me the jack
and sent him an embargo on the annex traca
I'm telling you, I'm telling you, think about it, I'm afraid
Well, where do you go, you already have to go
SEO went wrong for you
He doesn't know how to manage what he's going to give you
now also judicial attentive to what
there is and more when it is not right because
No one here has done anything reportable
Many people can't do it and this is true.
it goes well and we get it to prove itself
All I'm teaching is that
prove with the law I hope it is
can take new measures, it is necessary
change how it works and the way of
social networks
If there is insurance they will surely go with you
complaint surely from your
denounces the law changes and on YouTube they go
to put the regulations, hey Joan Plana
as a result of and Adrian do not work that
are causing the increase
[ __ ] harassment that people like this are
harassing and using a lot of people
to put [ __ ] on you because now what
you are doing with what has been done to you
for two years and the videos you have
made to the cat and the videos that is that
we could be here infinity I to everything
the time you want to kill if that is
everything you say you have done
all there is not a thing here that you have not
made by you
that you have made the person all
This [ __ ] that this guy has done and he
the rest other person can't stand it
others would commit suicide not what he says
Dallas, aren't you going to say now either?
is being the one of the the
Let's see, I have a list here that I don't
I want to jump nothing like that
You may not have noticed but in the
video
Adri is showing tweets
private now my twitter is private
the tests and is teaching are not
audiences who never taught it
private things I don't know if that is in your opinion
account
a Twitter account that has 45,000 followers
It is not private, it is okay to be in an account that
They have given that you have to follow you to stop
see you the tribals but they are not going to
condemn no one because being the kind that
posted a private conversation like you
sending me the HIV audios now
a tweet from 4,000 people
then also in the video in the video
talks about the typical father issue
the father is being used tirelessly
No one has offered him the help that
offered that father no one no one has
offered help I offered him
trying to pretend that the help that
what the father offered him was not hooks
giving him what he offered to send
[ __ ] Valentina and don't go with her
Valentina to go with him and ask
sorry for being left-wing I don't
I agree how life I want to pay you part
of the trip that I would go on that I would read
documentary etc. in exchange for
put a person as a victim of Chavismo
because this father of the end of Chavismo
to put that person on the trip
No one has offered him more money than me
that all these youtubers together and all
They are saying that I am a bad person
person because I don't want to help that person
Father prompt that it is here does not say in this
part that I know that offered helps me to
change that puts a person who is
that has lived
Chavismo that has not been able to see its
family who has lost their children
of Chavismo that I do help the
parents that I help several parents one has
managed to see his son thanks to a
my video for this gang to come
from bullies to tell me that it's my fault
a father can't I don't know that when I have
offered even more help after
I said all this [ __ ] very well to you
I offer more help to see I don't accept it no
I accept it
Now then he comes out there making a video
with all these youtubers you could
pay the aid perfectly and not
They don't do it, they just use it against me.
[ __ ]
I have been helping parents at a
excellence for equality we have come out
to the streets and started an initiative
possible the street to help parents me
You come here with a father who got involved
with me first who messed with me in
blouses against me who messed with me
Joan Plana, you are a good communicator, but
sometimes you get into three ideas
personal
and that's why I boycotted him so that he wouldn't donate to him.
he spent money on [ __ ]
This is turning it over and over again
and another life from another side, the same God
and the other parents all these parents
that I have tried hard to help them
quiet quiet
man you wanted to get to
fight with the broth
I have a huge disappointment
for those who also remain silent before him
harassment they keep quiet and keep a low profile
shitty society this is what happens
then also the schools that there are one
story that we read that is the
history in the book that they teach you
another video again is the real thing of how
A boy was fighting with a guy
just a guy who was beating up
that to that boy
Thank you very much, Auto Planas were right.
They were beating him up and they broke him
the jaw and the rest of the people and
students were there watching
shitty society you are [ __ ]
I think there's a bit of video in your
slander
I'm going to teach one of the best
the exact moment arrived
and I have said it
let's see let's see
so look look look look look look
look look
Javi starts crying to show pity and
divert attention
in a hurry
Jabil, besides being a yoro, you are a bad person
go now
Come on, stop making fun of people.
Those who cry, I don't cry
and bad person
and took a video of me crying is a
montadito kids good night to
everyone arrived late but safe
Greetings from Borinquen, beautiful PR Hugo
Joan shuts up, reads, and imitates her.
let's see and the other side tries to score
shitty society this man is
They're having a bad time with what's happening now.
Yeah
show you the world to show you everything
what is happening to these people
grab tweets grab fragments grab
[ __ ] is worth it and doesn't tell you everything and everything
This toxicity, all these toxic people
They eat it with potatoes as I have shown you
and they come to say [ __ ] and now you're going to
see the [ __ ] that comes out and you're going to see the
difference between the work that I have
made with my community so that they are not
like these people who stand there looking
as they are crushing someone like
they are breaking someone's jaw
so that there are not people who are harassers
You will see the work being done
so that it is a healthy community and that
Unfortunately, then a lot of people come
and these vermin take it and want it
you fall and surely now they will get
much worse
much strength and luck in the courts'
flexed biceps, light skin tone
thank you so much
Since when does Wish reveal the truth to me?
hair let's see let's see talking about laughter
you are telling me that we are
here asking all the time not to
insult in the super chat and all the
roll of this and they just called us
vermin in a super chat and he has given
grace
You are telling me that you are not
enjoying the super chat
I have taken care to have a community
yes correct healthy thing that these people do
What he does is take advantage of having toxic
and now you're going to see it
12 elements the goal of the flat area your
community is very healthy 12 40 g
It's not that you mess with others, there's no
remedy here everything here if it got in
with me first the truth whatever arises
He messed with me first, alienated
He messed with those of us who don't smoke.
with me first because he didn't insult us
He called us Nazis, those who did not
We wanted tobacco on the terraces
They did a live show calling some [ __ ] people
Unlucky with the gentleman from Logroo now
It wasn't me first and who else but
who else there are people who have not even told me
There are people who see me involved and I
are and are participating in the campaign
of harassment
There are people I don't even know who don't
I know but you see there is a [ __ ] group
of harassers and have joined them
because hey they have followers simply
With Johann Planas I will have the
support of these people we go
it's mind-blowing it's mind-blowing
It's going to cost money, it's going to take time.
but I'm going to go, I mean no, I'm already tired
that she and that's it
and then turn off the coast of the low plain
the stones are awesome but it's amazing
Today was amazing, it took us a while
a lot in reacting but me with this
This, my goodness, does not end directly.
making him cry and everything
guys moment my face crying with laughter
face crying with laughter I don't know why he
He laughed at me because I cried so much
sailor
and now he but to me this I for me
From my point of view it is a
interpretation
to what to what the past to Dallas he
wants to play the role of Dallas
wait no lawyer advises you that
you do this live with the nonsense that
this direct has said
If you have thoughts for a
demand is valid and then out with friends
It seemed more amazing, I don't know about you.
but to me the most amazing thing is the most
amazing that I found of all the
video is the denial that most called to the
Treated the Huixm 2.0 turned out to be another
total total
and saying that the thing about it is new because
She, uncle, be like the [ __ ], like the [ __ ] you say
that the fairy thing wasn't just about her
lawyer in clothes and instead of her body
that he wasn't going for her after the one
found that uncle
after which he gave a good that
Guys, we'll leave it here, okay?
I won't tell you that it will be the last live show
because I already told him when he
wants for you but doesn't want to stop
ok doesn't want to stop
so I don't know if he's still a
videos because we will continue relating
We will continue to respond if you continue
lying about us will have to
take it apart and see you tomorrow okay
tomorrow I will surely make a directory
Don't miss anything, I'll be there.